do you understand what the fuck i'm saying?
we got the only national anthem that mentions fucking rockets and bombs in the goddamn thing.
if you even go more than 100 feet from the base station, the cops come, and they throw your ass in jail.
even if we win, we're gonna get killed.
hundreds of years later... the locals took it upon themselves... to open up that privilege to the rest of the fucking world, made a fucking mint.
i'm not a fucking junkie, elaine.
she could make the end pointy and collect rubbish at the same time.
the red-nosed clown, and in an olden straw, ran out into the open room in a room with overly comical motions, and the soles of abnormally large boots clattered loudly about the ground with each such familiar stride.
damn boy!
how can you just sit here and shut up?
kobatrying to reestablish his dominance with brutal shots to the face.
jill, you're not fucking around, are you?
ding dropped the body aside and fired another shot into his chest.
do you really want a drunken idiot for trailer park supervisor, or a man who produces results?
and i don't mean as much as thanksgiving, i think, like a huge, amazing, 15-pound turkey with tits like jane mansfield.
her face was an invalid's face.
you have a huge shot on your head.
they executed him.
animals and shit.
idris shut up.
i said she was a super super-slut.
and so... a quiet, humble, respectable negro... who has had the unmitigated temerity... to feel sorry for a white woman... has had to put his word against two white people's.
when the bartender says he has a call, wendell almost tells him to stick the call up his ass.
why does the bean dip taste like ass?
how many times i tell you not to lay your hands on my shit?
we don't know shit.
i want to stab a friend to get his parole first.
i'm gonna burn this place around, see what else i can find out.
if not... throw him off the wall.
or what should kill him.
this anonymous citizen, an unknown hero, will detonate the bomb.
moray can't be expected to share his office with a corpse.
that's why we cheat, we get heated and we lie, 'cause we're obsessed with our own junk.
damn. what do they intending to do?
you better get him hurt.
you're safer here with me than in belgrade with your junkies.
you don't really mean that you're going to run some kind of chemical tests...... on the declaration of independence, and yet, in the ass of one van!
we killed our manager!
be brave! don't be stupid!
you're friggin' kidding me?
hey, chavez, why doesn't he kill us?
i don't have time for this bullshit.
and didn't help us fucking get him?
there's gonna be a war between the blacks and between the whites.
get the fuck out of here.
i was being a jerk.
liar, you just don't want to be left on your own.
i almost wish scaramanga had to kill you.
they ripped me and you into pieces.
we fuck up, babies mom and dad are gone
and this, of course, is tak mashido. holy shit.
i said "maybe we should just end this," and you say fucking "okay"?
so, in dying of thirst, you might be able to feel like a monkey that will eventually kill you.
if you had big breasts, someone would have offered you a ride.
he punched him in the back of johnny's head with an angry fist; he broke his jaw and shut him up.
from the minute she met dante... ...samantha was in hell.
"hug me, you animal," she said.
you have just made a serious mistake, my friend, a very stupid...
i guess it's because all artists are weird, and if i become one of them...... i'll have an excuse for being a fool.
i think it couldn't have happened to a more disgusting man.
come on, fight an old man.
the rotten worm takes the piss out of it with its loot.
or even a good dirty one!
friends are a major suicide risk.
look, i told you fuckers, if you want weed, you need to--
the cap had a transparent green label, and a green penile on which it said, "we welcome you!"
it's a bullshit idea.
that you are incompetent.
our house is fucked up like crazy
they're going to kill themselves!
sutton sent a death squad after you.
it's sandy what the fuck is that?
you are like catnip for killers.
i don't kick the crap out of you this year, you don't kick the crap out of me next year.
enjoy your 30 pieces of silver, traitor!
i said if i ever see you again, i'll give you a beating.
he cleaned up joe's shit, arrested your father.
kill him. thorn, y-you weren't really sleeping with anyone else, were you?
if i was in my sleep, bite me.
the revolt was launched by members of the school's security guard by a gross and frankly mentally ill response.
we thought it was trying to come in but this frickin' thing was making sure we couldn't get out.
i've always wanted to have my remains shot into space.
who are these barbarians, these savages?
terry, you have been up to some mischief in your time. but this- this is serious shit, my friend.
you're not the only one trying here, and hutch isn't the only one with dirty money.
she's dope-sick.
i have never known the deacon to make a mistake. ridiculous.
fuck the job.
i don't want that part of a date when we're gonna have sex.
what would that slimy lecherite possibly want?
what the fuck was going on?
obviously a philanderer who trifles with unsuspecting women's hearts.
we figured out a hundred plans to murder him on the island.
you got a damn good heart.
hey. you should know that new nurse hates the stupid nickname you gave her.
i think she kills them at the same time.
ass! ...hold this.
shit okay, you're a good driver.
li xiaomeng took a bullet meant for you.
i'm fuckin'no australian...
don't talk to me like a fool!
what an asshole.
let me the fuck out of here.
i know what the fuck i'm playing at.
like for instance, if you have a mother-in-law... ...who figures she can stay over with you whenever she damn pleases!
it would kill her, but what's gonna happen to me?
under occupation, in a black market, i was still in the shit.
"agatha's ass completes the show!"
hey, fez, look at this naked calendar.
what is it with you and my wife's boobs tonight?
but i'm just doing my stupid homework.
hugo is evolving from a fascist to a nazi,
bully!
you wake up davey, you piece of shit.
and if those aren't enough, hit yourself over the head with this.
you know me, carter, i don't give a shit.
i'll look you right in the eye, and i'll pour my shit a drop of them.
when i ate this brain...... i got an order.
i hope that wild bitch you got isn't going back to my property again.
throw these dogs out of here!
we all know what will happen if we do nothing. he'll die.
he stabs his adoptive father in the back.
just hang her.
i know how crazy it is you.
i thought the food here was supposed to suck.
there's a million-dollar bonus, but what they don't tell you is that they've got a bastard control board in it.
this is new york, the whole politics, the rotten and the hated.
it's gonna cost you a fucking fortune to fix that.
"and we have heard the damn noise from the moment we first saw kell," durnik added.
her nipples were tiny, stone-hard.
what guy's gonna leave a job, pull himself together with a whore and walk away from his family without turning around?
fry, check nibblers's poop.
you're not available so stop killing yourself about it.
i know you're screwing marco.
come on, hit me. come on, hit me!
aren't you going to go crazy and start raging?
l.t., this is a waste of our damn time.
shit, he's trying to call his friends, man.
oh, don't play dumb.
the smoke of burning roman dead is just as black.. . . ..and the stink no less.
what shit are you talking about, alan?
since derek here disappeared on my ass, i been on my own all fuckln'nlght.
karen, will you shut her the hell up.
lucinka, darling, you bitch, let them have nightmares about these spaghetti.
i can't let the foreign devil despise us!
that indian food made me sick.
get off me!
i know it's easier to kill him, but i say his good faith... ...is beyond question.
he thinks this house is cursed and you are an antichrist.
kinda hard to celebrate on the day you killed your mom.
somebody has a damn tampon?
you people are spies!
i'll get rid of the body.
stick your tongue out!
when you meet my mom, you can't mention i'm a pussy.
like, a joke, "shit or go blind. "
she just, like, blew it right in my fucking face.
no, we're screwed.
when we bang through that wall, they see that wall come down they'll shit themselves, they really will.
with ketchup and lots of cream cheese... i don't eat this shit.
of course she's doing nothing of the damned kind, but it's the sort of image that just won't go away unless you do something to pop it.
so you're going to help us get out of trouble over the border, you'll be staying with us... overnight, without doing shit or trying to escape... and i'll let you go in the morning, all of you.
either you come down... ...or we're gonna cut you down.
cameron poe, you are guilty of unintentional killing.
the seeds of that building can jump and farting..... .because every one of them is a worm with a hiccup.
i said, cut him down.
you're out of your mind.
you said to shut the fucking door.
what the fuck?
if you have internal warts: do not use aldara cream in the urethra (the hole from which urine is passed), the vagina (birth canal), the cervix (internal female organ), or anywhere inside your anus (rectum).
you just had sex with him.
"i don't want to die in these damned mines, drow, not even you, i'd say."
someone's coming, please shut up!
not this bunch of... pussies!
you can't judge psychopathic murderers normally.
i destroyed her.
cheating men and robbing them.
you're being crazy.
you tell estes, no matter how many bullshit charges he trumps up, i'm onto him.
it's like a needle in a damned haystack.
you can cut me off.
damn. we gotta get rid of this car too. --capture of the so-called sawtooth killers.
look, maybe she's confused, but she's not a bitch.
or a stomach shot.
fat dudes rule.
well, someone's fucking her.
hey, kelso, what the hell were you doin' with my girlfriend on donna's couch?
see, your dog is dead and that's' cause you're pissing me off.
the whole world is looking for that guy, she's willing to hide him, and he's gonna kill her?
all those who stand in your way will die tomorrow night.
we're just having a bit of fun with this one, my lord. she's the king's whore.
it's just the right amount of trashy for a nice girl like me.
otherwise, i'm gonna shit on your feet.
what if they knew i was useless?
you're fuckin' normal.
you want to die?
you dodged the skyline by squeezing out the shit?
you're dying! and you know what hell it was when tim died because you were there, and-and you and i barely made it through that.
you forget, i almost got you killed a few times, too.
don't count on those scoundrels.
true shit, ari.
yeah, unless you're the deformed wife chained in the attic.
after i kill chang, his operation will be destroyed.
she never fucking does.
"rotten," preduski agreed.
your friend's in deep shit.
fool, all you is, all you ever gonna be, is a runner.
five more like that, and your brains will be strawberry jelly.
i'm going to fucking get you out.
no, i'm not gonna kill you.
little piggy watch your step, or i'll get you...
well, don't be biased against black women, and don't be biased against a black guy, that's two different things.
i trod on the clutch, hit it backward, stepped three meters, trod on the clutch, then tore it up my butt.
how 'bout a pint of what the freakin' hell are you doing here?
cattle pigs
yeah. crazy.
i must take my life after suffering this kind of injury.
he completely humiliates me in front of everyone tonight, and i'm the one saying sorry. it's pathetic.
there's nothing going on in the storeroom, and i don't like hanging around with a fucking match! '
you're fat and disgusting, you say you're a rebel, but you're afraid of your father.
so, get your ass back to china and get it fixed.
then they shut up.
they're super villains, you just hit them.
you're not going to liberal bullshit, alan.
don't cut the fucking vegetables on the anthem.
the prosecutor will demand the death penalty.
i can blow that security guard in two minutes, or i can blow him in ten.
show me your piglets.
get the fuck away from me, okay?
official cause of accident listed on the hospital form, "pussy. "
"horseshit," baker observed.
he got to his feet, glancing again toward the sound of the approaching voices, and gert thought, what the fuck, i only have one life, let me live it as a blonde and shoved the wheelchair at him as hard as she could.
shut up.
what the hell's the matter?
sounds much better than my stupid script on smallville.
take a bloody taxi.
you want us to be a punching bag.
these are the nameless larvae of the other gods, and like them are blind and without mind, and possessed of singular hungers and thirsts.
i don't miss football because of it, it's fucked up!
pirate curse.
it's ridiculous. for everyone or just people with normal faces?
but, tonight, you lucky boy, i'm all nerd hag.
gina, can you stop sucking on stacy's finger for one second?
i have an orgasm from a lack of oxygen.
this plague has come because of your love for your savage wife.
my talent's a coward called serf-preservation: first sign of anything nasty, and whether i want to or not my legs turn me about-face and run me the hell out of there!
'he's as fake as you are, 'said the warrior, baring his teeth.
we know most... across their wives, their genitals.
you may as well be dead!
you can do it... and die like a legend.
"you're evil when i'm with you
well, just to be precise, mr. childs, by "sleeping with" you mean "having sex"?
three dicks who beat up one guy while the rest of us watch happily?
but who the fuck am i?
that's a disgusting question.
yeah, surrounding your pussy.
then get the fuck out of the cart and pick them up.
he's just a clueless, insecure dweeb.
you slap and i slap.
the honor belongs to fuck jorah and fuck barristan, because they didn't keep me waiting this morning.
we don't all have sex athletes from country club.
even if i didn't, you don't think i'd be fool enough to stick around here, do you?
"just look," said another soldier, "now you confused the poor fool.
but you didn't tell those dementors to shoot.
what the hell did he do to himself?
it's the same chemicals as your brain
all right, i'm gonna rip out someone's tongue.
two hundred and forty young brave men were sent to the damn twenty four hours a day for four years.
shooting at
that three would die that night on the gallows.
you don't tell me, i'll have to start cutting on you.
i know the sound of a fucking wolf!
because he did a whole fucking sermon about it!
you mean... this nutcase?
we came to say hi to our friends, thugs, san antonio.
and, in a few weeks ago, i fucked up again, in budapest.
confetti and all that shit.
there's a law that says i can't drink a fucking beer on my front lawn?
i have money... and i want the man who did this dead.
that's just my dad, screw him.
when the troll pulled out, regis hit him in the face.
you look like a raccoon.
i'm gonna get a new york slice today -- bloody.
what the hell was you looking at?
they think i'm a lesbian, just because i don't wear prada or get a tit job.
i'm tired of explaining why we let that woman explode with d-punch.
venport said, "damn, even if we can't give any technical details about the spacefolding engines, you and i would make valuable hostages to the cymeks."
i'm trying to fucking help you here!
behind him were three armsmen in grey testicles, with leather helmets on their heads.
this town can't teach its kids or collect its garbage, but we lead the nation in pointless revenge.
third damn time tonight.
i knew the bullshit about the afterlife had been
someone shot a cop killer.
i'll run you over.
i mean, any day somebody thinks about fucking you is a good day.
give me the bullets.
the dursleys often spoke about harry like this, as though he wasn't there -- or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn't understand them, like a slug.
it's just such a ridiculous waste.
let's go rape the shit out of this stock.
sandy taylor's fucking ridiculous.
i ain't fucked nobody else if that's what you thinkin'.
for death!
i like it when you get on top of me,... ...and squeeze me real hard between your legs,... ...andwhen you rub against me.
and if the kids got her intelligence... ...and joey's raw sexual magnetism... ...those nerds would get laid!
what the hell is this?
shit, i'm so lucky.
well, god damn it, pour some vodka in it then.
and i want you alive.
execute, general.
never fucking lose.
stupid french!
you look like tony montana on crack.
my friend, he's got the same penis as yours.
if you make one sound, i'll smash you all over the ceiling.
get your fucking hands off my cargo.
don't tell me about your goddamned problems.
collaborating with the turks are traitorous romanian nobles, a privileged class of men who seek profit at the expense of their fellow countrymen.
i'm very happy with my family's breasts.
so why don't you cut the innocent crap right now!
but why would oswald kill officer tippett if he didn't kill the president and keep himself locked up?
what is my middle name? - suckhole.
shut up. you don't know what it is to drink your blood.
it's like the chapter in your book "catch your life for the balls."
probably hanging herself somewhere.
he says daddy's comin'down here and he's fuckin' pissed.
you're kind of a jerk, aren't you?
sgt. babitch, thank god you're here... - shut up.
he's as imprudent as his father was at his age.
you want to tear me to pieces.
they're not giving my breasts proper support... proper support... proper support... proper support...
damn dog bolt
it's all fucked up, bro.
if those fuckers are still in town, we'll find them.
i don't know how to tell you, but he's putting it in his bedroom with max, the scientific clown.
i mean, it's-- it's-- the whole thing is just so stupid.
shit, adele.
are you asking me out while your hand is on my boob?
i thought it was a stupid joke.
you were born with a silver spoon in your mouth, queen.
jason has no goddamn idea what real responsibility means.
my cousin posted his website today, and i made a lot of money for the ipo, so you know what i'm thinking about this damn firm?
if you had come to me and asked me if you could have sex with olivier, i would've said no, door's closed.
he deserves better company than i can provide being so sick.
kid lost his chain, man. out here in the streets, lose your chain, lose your balls.
he was the biggest fool in the world.
goddamn it, it is not my fault.
you fuckin' expect us to believe that?
what about the witch and your little brat?
"what the hell for?" cantor asked.
(damn, they almost got rid of me.)
i'm sorry, but who brought three chocolate penises to the finish line?
there would be mustaches inked on the photodot faces of lyndon johnson and ramsey clark and martin luther king (someone, i never found out who, would invariably put large smoking horns on vice president humphrey and print hubert the devil underneath in tiny anal capital letters).
richards is a runner. you've got to pick a stalker.
we can cut you off one by one, or you can tell me where the key to the chain is.
tell me who's a psychopath.
we're gonna take the fight to those neck biters before they take it to us!
but the only black thing i have is just gonna turn it on to my neck.
trust your own son who's never asked you for a damn thing.
you were ready to roast us all back there.
now that he's fucking someone else, you like him.
take him to his desert... to die.
the duke's son grinned, but einskaldir beside him glared fiercely at the young erkynlander, lest he should think to try anything so foolish on him.
only someone killed him for it.
a woman who wants to sleep with her father.
they die, and it's your fault!
time to stop living like a bunch of nervous nellies.
he looked like i'd hit him between the eyes with a sledgehammer.
xanthippe lannister voorhees, how about you mind your own damn business?
my wife is having intercourse with someone who is not me.
or gutiérrez. shit.
i hate lazy cops.
where the fuck do you think you are going?
if she ever said a single damn thing about anyone that might give a hint i can't dig it up.
'goddamn fool!
they callin' that shit "possession with intent."
you're crazy because you can't let it go.
you can't fuck with us again.
but i can say that if we are successful, we will kill the espheni machine.
oh, shit. - yeah. chasing and shooting.
all eight of you go to hell.
watch out, lan! fuck!
i'm not fucking him!
he feels like crap so he boasts to the world how great he is.
i'm sick of the chumashire indians and our wonderful mission.
why do you have to be such an asshole?
fucker!
so it's finally come home to him that the worst sexual perversion is chastity.
slaves!
oh, my little girl, i'm not going to be an idiot for drinking, it looks like a snake.
austria does look like a wiener.
it was in french, and although it had been years since he had taken the language, one of the breakfast items appeared to be birds roasted in shit.
just grease in your hair and the smell of lard in your nose.
i'm going to die.
god, they suck.
no, just at some crappy party.
i don't wanna hear that "trying" shit.
i can't believe i ever married a fucking embalmer!
you have to face hell and heaven.
that bitch taehak ate all the eggs yesterday.
you know the doctor needs to take care of the whole whore, not just my bad eggs.
make another octopus and let big caboos kill himself.
any damn shirt.
the inept puppeteer who had taken him over advanced henry's arm in a series of jerks, then clamped his right hand on the sparx can.
and so are you, with a hole in your chest.
he drew breath, very much aware of the light morning breeze on his naked chest and buttocks, and burst into bang.
i... i suck with names, too.
we won't wait until they call you found in a ditch with a bullet in the back of your head.
god, this dialogue sucks.
what do you know about fucking porn?
oh, fuck, i'll get a pen!
i'm not really into that homo shit, but i'm kind of short on money for weed, so i guess i'll do it for less than jeremy's charging.
come on, you can't arrest someone for fucking bullshit.
this is the most ridiculous conversation in my life.
you want to make fools of all of us?
a lot of the friends don't like him, you know, ruby and all that shit.
you're a doll, vic.
i hate him. but i hate myself so much more... for letting any man do this to me.
i definitely want to be a chef, but where i'm from, which is south side in chicago in brighton park, you as a mexican from the ghetto are expected to go to prison or shoot you.
the pawn shop guy is a vampire killer.
"you're the damn director."
it is a fashion, a way of life inspired by the very homeless, the vagrants the crack whores that make this wonderful city so unique.
mom's gonna fucking freak.
look, you're gonna shit, kenny.
and mac davis can totally suck it.
without varying her steady pace, its mother swung it up and gave it suck; the baby shut up.
except one of elizabeth's bastards.
i mean, if you want to kick it.
he's crazy to be afraid.
that was the most ridiculous thing... i've ever done.
he said you mustn't sleep... or die.
i heard you were in a whorehouse.
where you bums think you're jerking off right now? # with dreams of a brighter tomorrow.
i thought, "i'm losing my fucking mind.
no. shut up.
it's a fucking fear.
he punched me in the nose.
it's the first time i've ever seen you look ugly.
now he would only wait for the originator of these elegant sylogisms to come and kill him.
hey, hey, you shitting me?
the thing is, he's a killer, he's really nice.
what i am is the guy whose only fuck-up is letting you have your own security fiefdom.
i'm throwing a lot of shit out here.
sit your ass down!
greatest damn marching band in the land.
you put a bomb in her car.
i'm just gonna ask him what he wants to do with this damn economy.
somebody shoot that monkey!
i think you are the liar, philip.
it may be a comfort to see a broken, pompous corpse of a monster, and know that he will never return.
caleb, honey, i'm gonna do you a really big favor. oh shit.
when i walk down the street, people look at me as sick.
honey, i'm already a cut rate whore on account of my beauty marks.
would you let us all die for them?
i think it just means, you know, don't be jerkin' off too much, that's all.
but boss... this field is full of garbage, it's a unique opportunity to test the navigational sensors.
she thought yulian must have fallen face down in the green scum.
i'd do anything to help you, but don't fuck up with gabby anymore.
he withheld information to save his own ass.
give me the balls!
you think i give a shit about my territory?
this is a waste of my fuckin' time.
he'll throw you in the bear right now.
most of all, though, i'm a fool.
that guy over there, he's a douche bag.
she's going to be drunk and stupid now.
if all this insanity is even remotely true... you should've let me die and save the scroll.
i mean, you know, what i saw of it from between your legs.
i just had the most fucked-up nightmare.
ruthless and ruthless.
damn i i should have gone over and told her we were back.
well, it's no secret i hated his guts.
# i wanna kill myself-y sexy #
then we'll just cut his head off and that's it.
we would drive the elves out of their lands - your country.
i hate you so completely!
korba... cut him up.
it sucks.
the tape's going to the garbage.
because they figured out what we already know, that victor kershaw is a half-criminal prick who deserved bad shit to happen to him.
one a success and one a loser.
see if we can't shake something loose from that big old brain of yours.
because he'll light up the fucking night.
stu has offered me a million dollars to let him fuck marcy again.
goddamn it, otto's gonna have irreversible brain damage in about 30 seconds,
it's gonna be the shit.
any last words, faggot?
come on, get our sweethearts out of our store, burn our homes!
roger, what the hell!
put the goddamn gun down.
come in and you'll see our "sex acts" girls and joey evans.
maybe they drink that apache shit they do from cactus.
die if we can still save him?
you wanted all this shit.
aww, she was pretty nasty.
you scared the fucking crapout of me!
jennings, please, would you remove that vile animal?
if provoked, he can rip the guts out of every living thing that's here today.
break for white.
hit it, lee.
the last victim was useless.
you have been causing too much hell around my town! stand up!
what the hell are you doin'?
look, look, look, god damn it!
johnnie and i read up all the diseases in the pig book and couldn't sleep for worrying about him, but this morning he was frightfully well and gay and absolutely charged johnnie when johnnie came in with his food.
i hate you so goddamned much.
she shut up.
get the fuck out.
but he was an evil man.
"and the place, the crazy hole, wherever it was, in which miserable drabs brought forth the life and health so often denied to themselves --- gave birth to puling children for the parish to rear; and hid their shame, rot 'em, in the grave!"
he tried to fuck a grapefruit once, but nothing more.
the gods, i swear, i will rid this country of life if necessary.
hey, come on, pirates!
get off me !
sonny red is freezing even with his fags.
i gave him a wank while pretending to be his mum.
cut the shit, respect the rules.
kerry and i were laughing our asses off the ground and ripping the grass and throwing it all over and laughing at him.
you got time to die, duck?
i killed grady.
i'm a sterile loser it's because i smoke too much pot
your whole life is quiet... and once you open your mouth, it's when you die.
everything i accomplish, i accomplish my damn self... ...because i ain't gonna never snitch on me, nigga.
the killer will either be killed or he's dead.
that cat loved my ass.
smith killed it immediately.
i didn't even know she was gay.
will you shut up?!
i don't believe she'd waste her time with some loser.
i can't believe they fucked me up like this.
i'm a fat wool merchant with a hen-pecking wife and three daughters.
i'll admit it was for, like, a really good fucking cause, but she honeypotted me.
the zoe is a goat!
no, you better have insurance, 'cause i'm gonna call the cops on your ass!
son, take your fucking hands off him, will you?
this is, uh, dick and joe.
what a fuckin' mess!
stop fucking around!
we always knew you were a fag.
look at this, look what your balls did.
what the hell's wrong with you man?
i don't want to ruin your career, or beat you up or mop you up.
you don't... you disgust me, dixon, and i don't want to see you at my house anymore.
he could have poisoned him and gave him the infuser to death.
there's only one freak in this pool.
so youdon't suck at golf?
here's your bullet, the doctor pulled her out and repaired the artery.
leave him the fuck alone.
or my blade shall taste of your blood, again!
my house is made of mediocrity.
do you want this to happen to those who have the dust, or your whole block, until we find these bastards?
"drop dead, duke.
if you don't like it, you can fuck off to china.
i'm gonna see that fuckin' volcano.
fuck, let him in.
if you make one more mistake, both you and that bastard will be done for.
i think i'll be searching for both of you in less than an arne.
a few fuckin' things history proves: you sit still, you fuckin' memorize, you repeat back what you fuckin' learn, or, choosing otherwise, you display your knuckles to be struck fuckin' bloody on the fuckin' desk!
they used to keep us wearing sneakers until they decided it wasn't a first-rate bitch.
fool! "not unless you wish me to be arrested, jefe.
melman, it's more of a stain on your brain.
you're a bit of a disappointment.
ken castle...is a liar.
kaufman tried to talk, but his lips were sealed with blood, and he jerked his head like a cocker trying to squeeze.
seriously, cut the crap.
what the hell's his name, blondie?
the damn darkness.
a fucking tractor.
hey, silly doggy.
huh? what are you doing in this crappy seat?
he'll probably call them on the sex line.
shut up, phil.
my sister informed me that your vampire killer is dead, so you're safe and you can leave.
"you think i ought to have, hell?"
i have spent my last day abed hearing... second-hand news from imbeciles.
mick, that woman you met this morning, don't fucking talk to her.
if the bastard hadn't taken my money, we'd have had a boat with an engine.
so humans were dumb.
this is, my friend, a poisonous jerk.
call me old-fashioned, but fuck it, you know what i'm saying?
you want to see me dead or get out?
do it for yourself, because as long as you're alive, colton wants you dead.
the devastating impact of the duo can also be seen with their hit song... ..."shut your fucking face, uncle fucker."
also known as: "you have my cancer in your autoimmune system."
stay out of my shit.
get rid of the convict, mike.
and the guy from canola is more hairy than my grandmother's nipple.
you would have failed if you had actually killed her.
god damn, i gotta sleep in a room with six other people?
why do you have such a big dick?
they can kill us in our sleep.
they can talk to this wrecker in the face.
stop fucking around and get ready for ballet!
if he didn't try to kill president hollis, then who?
shit is like a fucking movie.
he told fuckin' remo everything.
flavoured or coloured isoglucose syrups flavoured or coloured lactose syrups flavoured or coloured glucose and maltodextrine syrups flavoured or coloured sugar syrups (excl. isoglucose, lactose, glucose and maltodextrine syrups)
god, i can't bear the bloody sight of you.
if it makes you feel better, i'll go down to the stool, get shellacked and ask holt if he murdered his mom.
you should have smoked him as soon as he fired.
shit. i don't know what the fuck you want with me, martinez.
her trachea, throat and lungs must be burnt away - liquid oxygen corrodes flesh more effectively than strong acids.
how the hell do you think he broke both damn ankles?
martinez looked exactly like what she was... a woman that crashed with a turbocharged shaft.
crap, are you going to make me ask you out?
now i'll take your blood.
either you tell me what's going on, or i'll cut you up with this.
by killing mrs. miller.
go and hang out with your lion, or go off and play your drum, or go off and hit some hyena poo-poo into a hole.
"man, what the fuck was your boy doing?"
i screwed up, boss.
take this shit.
a good father to throw a grenade in the face.
yeah, it's useless.
feeling wretched at being so cruel to a poor dumb animal, victor flicked the sausage downwards.
'you are a sorcerer!' i whispered.
besides, peach already has an interview with one faggot who worked for martha stewart.
i'd have to hit you, too, and i don't take women.
hypocritical rory with a big fat head.
he sent two shooters to kill two people.
7 billion my ass.
it's all about you. you don't love anybody but your fucking self.
fuck it.
which means technically, she's a sociopath, incapable of caring for others.
kerchak said i didn't belong to-- shut up.
this whole fucking place is bad for your health, you know what i'm saying?
what the hell are you doing? jack!
"teach those victims how to kick the bully's ass and they live forever."
and she's fat.
how the fuck am i supposed to get home?
you punched me in the ear!
chasing and shooting.
oh, i killed you, connor. don't make me get your mom.
"how about a shot, patrick?" asked the doctor.
if they did their jobs, we wouldn't have to waste their shit.
fine! i'll shut up. no problem.
you ask them to put three rounds in the black, well… they'll suck it.
and the devil with his pretense was thrown into a lake of hellfire and sulfur.
man, get that car the fuck away from here you understand?
i always wondered when i was taking a dose of that poor sucker, or when i saw the old man sweatin 'when it's dark out there.
don't fucking look at me like that.
i've no idea what they are... but the oscar wilde rule is to shoot on sight.
"they are a rotten race, ruled by their power."
you can't say no to a rapist.
what the fuck you talking about?
but if he smelled fear on you, he would hand you the same old cake: a thin icing of "i'm sorry i can't tell you more" on top and a lot of contempt for stupid civilians who wanted to know more than what was good for them underneath.
now you're gonna watch as my guys rip apart your entire crew.
why did you go through my shit?
a damn shame he had to put luther through the same... ...but that's fear.
well, my penmanship sucks, and i was only half an hour early this morning, which i guess is still considered late.
he's a monster.
it's a fucking setup!
nah. my boy, potato chip, told me that when he was down, they used to bring in dope by putting that shit inside birds.
just so you know, i'm gonna hit you too!
they're a terrorist organization aiming to take over this city.
you know... if you're still too sore down there, we can do it up the butt.
you want some action on the cocks?
the wild ass boy came home to his wild ass mother.
don't even waste my time. you had a million opportunities to tell me, and you just fucking lied.
i'm gonna crush you like a fresh muffin of la fleur.
look at them burn.
i mean, they wolf it down like pigs, so it's not gonna be that long unless they want a third helping.
and i thought that... ...might be a possible reason... ...a possible reason for him to... hire someone to kill you?
i should have put her on a plane.
see, that's your trouble, you're a cynic.
pray like you're in fucking church!
you are about to die you could be saying goodbye your girlfriend but you're here with me
the kind of money these degenerates want to bet on "american idol."
i'm sorry to talk about this, but she was vicious when she was a year old, throwing her toys out of bed, bitch one, so poor mom had to pick them up from the ground in one piece.
oh, it chills me... to think that they almost killed your little friends... looking for some daft treasure map.
far better... to fuck on an empty stomach, don't you think?
yeah, stop fucking around, cuz.
that means if they enter the church, the world will die.
she's a fake.
no shit.
it's christmas eve. - shut up.
did you think aaron monroe was acting stupid during those interrogations?
i threw them out on the street in the garbage.
"i try to catch up them, a pig knock me.
remember, i told you about that crazy-ass bum at the gas station?
lot of fucking noise we made.
guts... and the seat of my flight suit.
maddox, look at these jerks! these idiots!
shit, i'm shaking like a geisha on a jacket.
how long have you been with that fucking doll i met?
"he refused," tika continued gently, "and he said it would be your death.
oh, it's lola! damn it, i don't want her to hear us.
he's been an asshole all night.
there wasn't a damn thing i could do about it.
all he did was blow his kneecap off.
we didn't even want to join those crazy chickens.
if they take her, our money is fucked.
whores?
how is it, month after month, you spend money we don't have on shit we don't need?
she was a drug dealer.
a woollen blanket would be placed over his stunted, useless legs and a long belt would be wrapped around his frail, emaciated body, holding him in place.
a man without a conscience... ...and with no one who gave a damn about him.
if we break quarantine, we can all die.
foolish.
who gives a shit about gold?
and all those garbage, trashy bands -- basically all saying, "yeah, we're a punk band," wrecked it outright.
we don't have time. he'll be dead soon.
literally makes his victims shut up.
where the hell are you looking?
you wanna burn it down and out of the pipes, force it in here, slam the door, and trap its ass?
we were gonna put your face on a milk carton.
no, dummy, i didn't say "goose," i said "goose bumps."
he must have had a fucked-up childhood.
add that to the pile of crap that don't make sense.
if that's your opinion, fine, but you're out of your mind.
lonnie, monster killer.
"black," the skinny added.
you mean that awful fake voodoo boy?
you just wanted her dead.
if he didn't fuck it up, he thought again.
drink, bitches. drink, drink.
and fuck you, jables.
the whole damn world sees it!
do you remember me, piss in your hair?
"special sex animals."
masturbates while sucking their toes.
safer back home with them indians.
a human by day, a freak animal killing machine by moonlight.
your promises don't mean shit.
god, i'm so rotten.
"condemned spy."
and lesbians to let me watch.
get your ass here now!
i give you the death of snake plissken!
it takes more than one rough landing to kill me.
you're a hothead, hook!
we cut all the questions about kissing from the losers of all girls' magazines.
then why don't you shut them up?
i love you. and you know what a dipshit i can be sometimes... what's the big deal?
it makes me nervous that the shark will be so close to my dick.
but he could use another shot.
the thing is, brian that god is a hateful god.
bloody hell, celle!
by the way, you have nice tits.
and with an ass like that, i bet you know what it's like to find the perfect pair of jeans, jeans that make you feel like
something affordable and sexy with the ability to kill.
"he's crazy," john said in his matted voice.
we're the ones who are killing people in your area.
i prefer a premeditated murder.
when he was little, he used to suck on other children's thumbs.
if you kill him, who will stand up to the enemies of spain?
she let some filthy stranger.
then shut them up, or they'll go overboard!
these northmen are skilled in all the manners of warfare and killing with the several weapons that they prize.
this is something that you mediocre citizens just don't understand.
filthy swine. cato, very strange.
i want you to have a gun with you.
no more orphans, huxley's whores finally got the chance to show up.
i lived in a fucking war zone with you.
from your stupid expression you've got about five minutes now that you're trying to get to the bottom of this, but you're wasting your time.
don't think i don't read your crap, keeler.
"were they your brothers, these rotten and spoilt mortals?" he asked.
stop fucking around, man.
how long have i watched you play miss high-and-mighty to the whole damn street?
it's broken, kids shit.
emily brent: killing her young nephew, peter.
soon after,your most prized possession,your mind,will whither and die.
i don't know, but she knows, you have to make her tell you, norman, because whatever it is, she almost fucked herself.
i know, but the moment i touch him... ...i want to throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
the niners wanted to shoot my son.
he put his foot on his carcass and jerked his sword out of his guts.
you wanna try that with me, you little pussy?
come on, cut me again.
if i wanted to make an ass out of you, i'd be a lot more creative.
a few shady people are coming, houser and those vermin.
in my view, he is just a poor and dishevelled scholar
i could bake a potato in my cleavage.
"i told you earlier this morning to shut up," said theresa.
what'd you do - cremate the fuckin' thing?
"damn it," i shouted, "quit stalling!
well, i know where we hang him, thank you.
get out of here, you hypocritical, treacherous...... cheater.
i hope you're listening, you buggers.
elbryan gritted his teeth and left the leading group of monsters to move around their position, even as he climbed into the tree at the end of his axe, wanted to fly out and kill him.
you shut up and that's your thing.
he trusted you. and you killed him.
come on, maggot, get up!
never put off till tomorrow... what you can empty out tonight. bitch.
you got a little bit of sauce on your shirt. oh, stink.
she electrocuted me.
it's sure that if he wanted to have sex without satisfaction, he might have had it with lilith / lila.
the white dude-- tight ass... ...but he's all right, too.
idiot, how can an alien know his name, "i'm an alien."
me and my homeboy are in some serious fucking shit, man.
tell him i shall answer him with blood.
he's very sick.
you freak, what's with your room?
i work hard all day long to come home and eat this shit?
the patty hearst case...... one hooker took my office for a month.
he would call everybody "mary." me and my friends would love to break his balls.
he's one sonuvabitch i really can't stand."
why don't you just leave him the fuck alone, yeah?
all right. gimme three grams of madman.
i know you fuck everything that touches you.
"mom, i have to prove to him that i'm not a pussy."
if you ever get uncomfortable... i'll get rid of you.
eat shit, fisher.
she's a liar!
the person is going to control... people are shit.
if he has it, and with his blessing, he doesn't just have a great power, but he wants to kill you too.
when they stabbed him in the heart, he didn't go either.
george, are you sure you're not taking this old fool seriously?
who the fuck would pay his bail?
i don 't understand. i love you, damn.
what's an old fart doing in a skirt?
'priest,' he said, and the word sounded like a dead haddock in his mouth.
look, the black guy's always been under the dog.
he's someone you definitely don't wanna fuck with.
you hit a stone in the head.
what the hell do you believe in?
a goddamn nightmare.
seize him!
okay, now, show them the icer bullet.
go ahead, shoot them.
"i still don't see how you could be so incompetent.
you always push me and kick my crap.
won't i just wind up getting my brain shredded, too?
the governor is under pressure to execute a white man.
mr. harding has been heard to say to his wife: "i hate you".
and besides, they'll probably be dead soon, right?
like a blond assassin.
damn.... ...
'i think you could pull the cocks out of the bushes with your charm, caalador, 'she told him.
make love to that damn daughter of his.
remember that i'm a private snoop and i don't understand jack shit.
lfhe hits you, hit him back.
i'll kill the man and bring him back to life.
i don't know what the hell he was thinking.
fuck it.
so i told him he was a pitty boss and a pastard and he could pucking shove his pub polo up his pap's-eye, stupid prick.
i didn't stab you in the back.
blacks.
for crap's sake.
stupid knee.
if he's strong enough to kill the volm before he can regenerate, he might kill the hybrid.
we're screwed without boobie.
if we caught him in the woods, he'd be dead.
get off me!
i hope you like sea bitches.
you must cure my mother, doctor.
it's our wedding night, and we don't wanna have sex.
what the hell were you thinking going to my man with a baseball bat?
damned of dis rejoice, for your lord, lucifer, is betrothing the pure soul, beatrice.
in fact, i don't know how or why... ...you didn't just strangle him in the fucking crib.
support us and destroy him.
i'm gonna have to hang up and jerk off right now.
the last one is a pussy.
yeah, but he's our pussy.
when you shut up, i feel terrible.
"all right, she's a phony.
i'm a jerk and i wanted to apologize, because i didn't plan on calling you.
you killed him.
if i feel anxiety or worry, i'll just burn myself...
and your balls?
witches of the french quarter, thank you for your welcome.
it's fucking humiliating.
what the fuck was that?
he gives an order to shoot, we'll end up schwacking bravo two. hot mike the radios, dirty.
she could well be dead!
i don't think i can get a postcard that says, "sorry, two tons of shit."
we can't just go in there and kick their asses. we have to stop this thing at its source.
witches handle things like that.
the security in his building was crap, so i waited for him to go to work and then...
whoa, shit. what number did i just dial?
you shoot a nonexistent friend at 400 gallons of nitroglycerine!
you know, you're still more twisted, and we're stuck here with these pompous...
the wretched militiamen found that their machine-guns had been tampered with, and that the cartridges from the captured magazines did not fit their rifles.
it's like she's given up on damon, and he thinks that she was trying to get me to kill him tonight.
we should take one of our main priorities after peace, wipe out this nest of vipers from the world.
i saw you can shoot, but there's more to it than just shooting.
if they're desperate enough for these drugs, they'll cut him right open.
'shut up! 'hissed chain shada.
it reeks of black and white.
he's a terrible toilet guy.
cuff yourself to the tube.
the country is sick. and you're gonna get it to the hospital.
god damn it, don't call me lucky and go tell her.
he told me that i was gonna die alone because i'm too picky.
you're afraid to make the big moves because she's handicapped and shit.
the fat man, mac, and the clerk or proprietor, harry (as in dirty harry), had the gun back together.
want me to hit you again?
she didn't go down the street with her british. she says she's a barber. she's a hothead.
you're not a bitch.
i been waiting my whole life for shit like this to go down.
he stopped, eyes distant, maybe imagining lulubelle on a bed in the back room of a nevada trailer whorehouse, lulubelle wearing nothing but stockings, washing off some unknown cowboy’s stiff cock while from the other room came the sound of steve earle and the dukes singing “six days on the road” or a tv playing hollywood squares.
you sound like you’re scared silly, and i’m guessing it’s because you’re afraid of me.”
the driver saw nobody, but someone fucked up.
you're just a black hole i've tried to climb for many years.
judging by your arousal kit, you came to burn this building and destroy all the evidence.
that's no problem, pal, 'cause, uh... i've got loads ofthe fucking stuff.
'xeno's the name,' gasped the fat man, before he could speak.
don't answer it. - shit.
you care more about this... for this painting, for all this rubbish. - than you do the child that loves you.
the black hordes of rasties ran back and forth, visible where the grass was weighed.
one's a slut!
hug you and choke you with your love.
some white fucker came to visit him every week he was here.
sarah would kill him if she knew he started smoking again, but jesus christ, he needs something.
if one of you didn't kill melinda.
just monkeys.
that sucks, your brother won't tell you about it.
they'll put a bullet in your head. or they'll sell you back to the russians
but, yeah, it was pathetic.
i was always there for her when you were out screwing around.
that's a black child.
a," she's not your mentor because she treats you like crap, and "b," if you weren't living in the hospital like a mangy dog, you would've noticed that erica and i have been friends for a while. "
i watched the pulses on the woman's neck and thought of blood, hot meat, and even about sex.
whoever walks in is dead.
my mother...... my mother was a hot bath.
i'll sleep with her...... then i'll change her back...... and i'll take her.
fucking lucky.
keep children away from excrement, urine
he was bringing some shit to victor and...
now, that shit will help you solve the case.
hani will cancel our deal and i promise you the whole operation is going to go to hell.
he'll be ugly.
fuck, are you done talking?
his decision was stupid. goodbye, sean flynn.
oh, how unfortunate times have occurred, when the miserable villains can deliberately call themselves the "ni" old ladies.
we've got orders to bring in all suspected cattle thieves. - the bugger's dead.
i said, " damn... ...they'il look good onthose beautiful ears."
mamma spank.
or as i remember it, "shut up."
no, i assure you, we don't understand, and we'll remember this ignorance.
i love that freaky shit.
a guy who's still doing shit and can't handle a serious relationship.
damn it, ida. what were you thinking, taking these kids on one of your crazy adventures?
that was only a ruse to fool the feebleminded.
and so i went to go outside, and she grabbed me. and i said, "i want to get the fuck out of here."
bloody tourists!
i only kill people when it is absolutely necessary.
'shut up, 'she commanded.
i know, but there's the fucking charges.
more nude shots of sharkey.
you're just a guy who had a suitcase on his neck.
at this rate, he'll be brain dead in 20 minutes.
"oh, fuck off," she said.
i never wanted a killer so bad.
they're snitches.
and i wouldn't want to shoot one of our own.
who the fuck is thinking?
she was a good agent, with just the right nose for trouble, and she smelled a rat in me.
i don't even know the whole story, but this one really sounds like a stupid fucking thing.
terrible shit.
shit, it wasn't a kitchen.
do you know mothers in africa wipe out their children's dirty butt with their knee?
he says tony wants his mother dead too.
useless!
go to hell, i won't give you anything.
i'm restricted in new york and maryland and all that shit.
"lady," he barked, "you ain't going to the casino with no damned twenty dollars!
so if there's 25 people, i can only let one and a quarter of a black man go.
tell me what else a woman of her class be doing in a dump like this ?
what, that you're gay?
"no freaking way, grant.
shit. why me?
and they'd shove your head up your ass... ...and bowl you off a cliff.
of all the things you said, and that there were not enough of them, my wife wants me dead...
you both have become so much more than these bitches' sexless accessories.
so what's to stop me from killing you right now and securing my future?
you were a little wild... well... you were really crazy.
your god's gonna provide a fuckin' ram instead of you?
last chance, losers.
if he dies, we'll bring in your accessory to murder.
i'll hit you later.
i guess we do what they want, and leave the bullshit for later.
if you're nothing more than...... these cells...... it's enough if they die, and it's over with you.
god, morning sickness sucks.
she never took a shower either, fuck.
and the motherfucker, all three feet of it, was her chosen weapon.
i don't want to fuck mel gibson.
you fucked me!
only the dog was real, still barking its fool head off.
we also learned that white men don't hold their word, and they invaded sacred ground.
you do not believe that you are little paranoiac?
three years in afghanistan, a veteran of kandahar and a fucking british hospital!
i don't knowhow to drive this bloody thing!
fuck. there's no signal.
cunning.
what, you don't think i can do this shit?
and the murder, which is your death sentence, you didn't commit.
the lads who got it were all rapees like the little boys on the corner of the street.
also, even though i'm super short and bald... ...i am able to have sex with any beautiful woman i want... ...just because i'm so great.
but because he does a hard job, or you're useless.
i'll put it through your skin.
because you'll be pulverized in two seconds.
that pig wasn't worth 25 dollars.
i can hurt the demon.
both of you go to hell!
hit me in the belly.
here's the order of their death.
they're crazy, but they're smart.
and...that's fuckin' cool.
i can make the sun fall from the sky and burn you medieval motherf...
you know, you're so full of shit you could sit on this shit all the time.
damn it, he said noon.
or you paid for darby to shut up.
if you're suggesting i had that woman killed, why do you think i'm not going to have you killed...... that's where you're sitting?
as a doll, i'm fucking infamous!
well, if you sex it up, i think you'd be perfect.
is that the... cow tits?
you left me, 'cause i fuckin' found you out.
it's... it's a goat, sire.
emma likes her crazy on the outside, not the inside.
don't turn a filthy pig out of me!
kopke, are you out of your mind?
i'll make you real fucking proud.
but you said that and i only thought "fuck."
this is just the kind of behaviour i should expect... ...from a guy who's dating his own damn sister.
you want to fuck your friend?
my son is dead, and you motherfuckers don't want to let me see him.
one day they shoot me to death, it completly makes sense.
the deaths, going to hell, kenzi leaving.
i hold him like this and i'll cut eight yakuza members in 4 seconds.
jane is a damn classic example of a teenager.
come on, pussy, or do you need your cane?
shut up about my wife.
she'd rather die than let me win.
virgil, you bitch!
okay, simon, if you really want to, i'm gonna light a fire for you.
according to your testimony, mr. lombardo raped you -
in fact, i don't even know why we couldn't stab them now.
take the damn tray!
look at that. you made the o's in "rooney" into boobs.
and by the way, will, some of your choristers are the most ignorant.
i haven't had sex in four years.
since i was carrying three shopping bags, he decided i was another loser, another bum.
people thought they could create anything for a human's need by solar energy... but everything was foolish illusion.
does this dress make my ass look fat?
aw, does that mean he's going to be the loser?
"mass balls" have to be men's, right?
and then you can slap your readers in the face with it.”
because i use a stylus in diplomacy to export cultural treasures... from countries that send them all to hell.
shit hey, hey!
out of your mind, sir.
do your parents have any crazy old man in the family?
a kryptonian with blond hair and bad manners.
holy crap, i am winning a nobel prize.
the last thing i remember is i was gonna stab your brother.
what the hell is this?
we'll cut the throats of the persian army.
he didn't even want to come to this damn war.
i know something you don't know. shut up!
my uncle is a big animal.
7 a.m., are you crazy?
twenty eight days later he killed them all.
"she is a necromancer.
now it's like we control everything on this fucking farm...
and i would have rid her of her life.
# i'm gonna make this bitch round #
max should be cleaning up his shit when he comes.
she had this big damn doberman pinscher.
hey, if you see my grandma, ask her why her breath was so nasty.
yes, until the jews infected him with the typhoon.
if you don't kill her, you'll leave the witness.
he's-- he's got three bullets.
oh, well, i was just a silly young girl then.
they only thank losers.
byung-soon, are you a killer?
it's a party, and it's mainly about this dog.
what the hell are you?
frederickson says he'll take me off the damn night shift soon.
you just know she likes it dirty.
do guys usually put cologne on their balls?
yeah? well, your jerk-off kid is going to jail.
holy shit, there's two of them.
don't stop, fucking wire.
how many fucking times i told you, man?
no fucking way we can blow this thing.
he's a neanderthal.
we don't want his death on our hands.
some committee of fancy assholes disagree.
thank god one of them is a crook.
those who aid the demon... ...they must be cleansed by the fire from whence they came.
but... but apparently, here in hartford, the idea of a white woman having fun with a colored man...
i just love getting dressed up in these goddamn blue vests.
the government is corrupt, reduced my army.
not when you die, sooner!
my friends told me they couldn't swallow a morsel, but i eat like a fool.
so you killed him and took the one thing that was worth something.
um, okay, how do i say this without using the word "bitchy"?
just as mean as your mother.
yes, i am fucking insane.
he's a fuckin' marine.
you can do what the fuck you want.
why don't i have my heart out of my mind like edward and he's a soft, fool like me
yeah, it's weird because i thought you might come in here and not be the jerk you were in denver, but you are.
you don't have shit from me, other than mild curiosity and...
that shit would've never happened if tommy was over there taking care of him.
damn, t, you sound like my ex!
you "woke up" inside the two blacks convinced that you're really yourselves.
no, wait, maybe even your uterus.
orders you to shoot on the weak and helpless.
her breasts were small, wasted pads against his forearm.
don't tell me how to do my goddam job.
you were born in connecticut, raised in connecticut, a success in connecticut, and a drunken, narcotized bum in connecticut.
"fuck you!"
he still sleeps on a mattress on the floor like a fucking chinaman.
you could have killed yourself.
when sam published a book, we threw him a damn party.
open the damn gate.
you put your ass on the line for fargo today, for all of us.
this is a useless waste of fat.
maybe i should call him first, so i don't kill him.
just calm down, goddamn it!
expect? i didn't expect to go downtown and sit and watch a tape of my wife fucking somebody!
i want you to meet a girlfriend-a black mamba.
it's smart to surround yourself with ugly women and beautiful men.
but that's ridiculous.
then she was naked on a string with a red suntan around her neck.
you wanna get yourself killed?
this guy is selfish, and we don't even know it.
if i don't kill you personally, the chip doesn't respond.
you blew off heaven to kick it with me.
they kill without mercy, sometimes with terrible tortures.
next time i'll turn you senile too.
is that clear, you fucking potato eater?
but it's ridiculous and serious at the same time.
they're like fucking indians, you won't see them, and you won't hear of them from anyone but me and captain queenian.
if your enemy is three couches in front of you...... what will you do then...... tie yourself to a ball...... or you punch him in the fist?
waiting to die...
if you feel your sperm enlarging again you get it out of your system right away.
the russians want to execute his brother.
does no one ever sleep in this fucking house?
just for a picture of some crappy celebrity?
you're still a fucking shark!
how about a "hooker" file?
thank you for the pig.
what the hell is ditto?
shit. he wants us to follow him.
"i wasn't the one who fell, you fool!
you can take my heart and stomp it!
the woman just tried to commit suicide.
you're a little crazy, so we gave you a sedative.
but they won't do shit about 'em 'cause it's dirtymoney.
then he will burn.
"at least you were a fool about the right things," said faber.
we can take death.
do you want a beating, herveaux?
you are the spit and image of me when i was your age.
wait till i'm dead.
all of our candidates will be the ones who like older women, or beasts.
an easy thing to do - a gun dangling by his side: he could punch him in the stomach before he even noticed what was going on...
this nigger is crazy.
damn, walt, you conspired with these people, and now they threaten to use that gas for american citizens!
i can't get a damn thing on this!
you beat him up like a gun...
i told you not to move the fucking truck!
your wife's breasts aren't bad, right?
you've gotta be shitting me.
i thought you said if you saw a deer, you shouldn't fucking swerve!
well, you know how these kids are today, they're so damn lazy.
about 30 seconds before this jerk shot me.
'damn it, but i do like kaelin ring,' he said.
shit! that's a bad word, jeffrey.
methought i was enamored of an ass.
trouble is, instead of strapping him to the nearest couch and frying his fucking brains out, everyone is taking him so literally.
because that son of a bitch jim crow, he took his place in history!
the guy with the cunt hair...
shit, i don't have to go to your school.
he won't like it when you start screwing his mom.
it's like stuffing wedges of silver sponge, right, into, your brain!"
he's crazy if i lose, but i won't lose.
that's ridiculous. what if it's what you really love to do?
to kill the wall street tycoons who led us into this crisis to profit from the systemic risk they created.
so-yeon... you were a dunce in school, weren't you?
but i know for certain, i've been a loser from the start.
marriage is the worst thing for a human race.
"that put a bullet in the guy's head.
that was a damn foolish thing to do, jim.
piss over me
don't make a fool of me, heil hynkel.
suck it, fish!
he keeps fucking touching me... ...and i can't take it.
am i your fucking friend?
i said cho-tick-ass.
and for ross, mr. fool.
"hey, gerald, i'm sorry, but ups is fucking your wife."
the loser will have no future.
this shit is getting weirder by the second.
he said that i was a dirtbag criminal, and all i was gonna do if he gave it to me was put it up my nose.
anna gave up, but kept the package in her closed mouth full of spit.
donna, it was awful shit.
break her leg if you must.
nothing is worse than a crooked cop.
i knew one asian bitch once.
the witch-doctor shook convulsively and closed his eyes.
goto dengo is so excited to be forgotten to die.
you're a hopeless case.
the hell is a milf?
stop. what the fuck are you doing, man?
it is a sad place, a soft place, a place for weaklings and eunuchs and fat sobbing shadows of men."
it's gonna fucking get us too.
he rammed a baseball bat into someone's skull.
shitting and washing.
to the poor, the homeless and the repugnant people of the city and from all over the world.
all of us here who like this fool, and with pride will put him among his friends to raise his hand.
have you ever seen my wife's cleavage?.
i just need an objective person to tell me whether the surreal acts should come to the east wall, or if i should put on more statues of penises, they look really amazing when the sun is shining on them.
and then we sparred, and then i kicked his ass.
wretched queen... adieu.
there's 1 0,000 in it for you if you don't fuck it up.
stop it, the fucking evidence!
i guess i didn't do too well by him for he's a powerfully sick man.
thursday you realize you love me, damn it.
come on. fuck, come on.
but tell me one thing: when all those long years didn't mind you being like a dumb-ass phrase, why now?
so, today i'd like to put them on notice because come november, i want them to know that it was young people like you, who kicked their asses.
but are you willing to damn the woman you love?
i don't see how you spent a couple of months getting married to me, which you did, and then you figured out a fictional girlfriend and you'd totally fuck me up.
what are you gonna cut my eyes with?
and watch naked ladies take baths together.
no, now, the thing is you just assume, without even watching it, that lesbian spank inferno isn't a proper, grown-up film,
he's like, "work it, bitch.
what the fuck are you doing in my car?
how come... they know you're police when they hook up with you and they know you're police when they move in, and they know you're police when they decide to start a family with you, and all that shit is just fine until one day it ain't.
you idiot. he's hit everything he's aimed at.
i mean, i think there's a reason you like having sex with adrian
"like a pig in rye."
where the fuck he went?
are you shitting me?
"bullshit."
martin's there - it stinks. >
if these people were more interested in getting the bastards off the streets than making enemies of us...
damn. i had come far from any metalworking culture of the appropriate anatomy and at the proper phase in its historical development.
if you kill the attackers, witnesses will know it wasn't a hylighter. "
baby, what the fuck is happening?
he wakes up with... one of his known seizures of coughing... he throws himself up and falls on the statue... and breaks his penis off his mouth.
i cut you, i didn't do you a lobotomy.
with creasy gone, i've got no damn access.
dad, i'm not going to fuck up again.
how we gonna keep you down on the farm now that you've penetrated a porn star?
take a knife at your hospital, then go to the concert, he'll be ready for you.
you hurt harmless dogs that can't defend themselves. i'm tired of you, man.
you could be in hell today, so go write your will.
and it ain't your fault, you just knock into shit.
the same guy who saved palermo's ass... ...when that sniper had a bead on him at the stadium gig.
i don't want to hear you catch a glimpse of your beard in the middle of a damn desert storm.
that's just fucking wonderful, mickey.
you know, if you want, you could slip a finger up my arse?
ah, thought i'd go to my crappy job and get yelled at by my angry boss.
there was a guy sitting across from me, and he was wearing a fat-ass norwegian sweater.
"why can't you kick jehovah's witnesses out of your porch?"
dude, who the hell did that?
i burned their bones.
a second scummy face appeared beside the first.
couldn't give the state liquor motherfucker a stack of hundreds covered in coke dust.
i pity the fool who's missing this.
the fucking doors will shut the water up above the plains, closing our stores our homes our wellbeing.
you could talk your way to hell and back.
you made this a place without a boss, and that sounds really nice, but what that translates into is a bunch of crap falling through the cracks that i end up having to deal with.
a woman has no place here.
come on, or i'll shoot you.
the answer is you don't want to kill him.
if they see i'm not here, they'll kill my daughter.
bring your fucking goggles, bambi.
and i'm not taking any bullshit pills either. i'm going out the same way i came in... ...dramatically.
the greatest erection on the planet!
that sounds like shit. no way i'm saying that.
i see your death.
holy shit.
i tried to stab myself at the girl in the hot dog's hot dog.
if you had any balls, you'd take him yourself.
man, that sucks about jimmy, huh?
but powers fucked up!
with all due respect, mr. ross, due to recent times, you need more service of a type "get rid of me the death penalty."
because they don't have a clean arrest, if she's not sure, they'll usually choose the cunt to take it off.
it's very sad to see the beautiful islands in the caribbean becoming neon-lit whorehouses for the japanese.
are you fucking with me?
you niggers gonna understand somethin' 'bout me.
i don't think you're stupid.
they dragged her into the woods in the middle of winter, and tied her to a fucking tree to die.
oh, god damn!
dre must be crazy.
like all the other killers, criminals, bad guys or bad girls.
who in the hell would want to be human?
you are a desperate fantasist.
better hit me again.
get the hell out of there.
goddamn monsters!
that's disgusting, god.
it makes no sense to kill connie for 10,000.
she's beautiful, you're ugly.
rise up and smite your masters!"
us marshals will execute it.
if i die, everything goes to the church.
it's your party, your wrench, and your hands are his balls.
you're gonna crush me.
i hid, returned fire, and shot both terrorists.
this morning, my wife woke up and said i was old, bald and ugly.
is some chinese citizen killed by mao less dead than some poor polish bas­tard killed by hitler?"
because some dick drug dealer sold him ruphylin and told him it was ecstasy.
i can't see a damn thing.
are you fucking joking?
'very well, 'said the fat man.
you stab us in the back.
now, who's hot to watch kobe fuck up?
you know, i did have a very hot dream about a nun the other night - who gave me a blow job...
see what a fucking charmer you are then, son.
killing him meant death.
you scared her, dumbass!
and if ivan kharkov wants to join psychotic lunatics whose only aim is to destroy us, so go ahead. "
other people want idiotic crap like getting married... or having babies with the man that they've loved for five years.
denny. don't be a bloody fool.
they want to take down a swedish antique dealer for masturbating their money laundering.
are you suggesting my son is a una-shitter?
you look like a greyhound.
probably the dumbest kid in the class.
no wonder kurtz put a weed up command's ass.
god damn it, julia, half the doctors think if they join the plomox team, they've got a chance to get in your pants.
not until we kill bunnoju!
that's silly.
shithead limo driver impersonating a cop.
so we're doing the sexy, dumb, blond movie.
you look like you're sweating like a pig.
"liar! it's that candle."
he wanted me to drive you into a rage, to turn you into this monster you apparently used to be.
"shit, i missed that!" the expert admitted.
he'd be here with me now if you hadn't thrown a dozen guns at his face.
typhoid!
he calls it "angina."
fuck off, sisters!
alfie, it's tommy fucking shelby...
so why haven’t you tried to have sex with me yet?
get the hell out of there!
he imagined himself attempting to escape from the rooftops - he would probably have shot him by a guard who, a loser, would lose his career.
i want to knock your head open and see what's inside.
my wife's on one of the planes they're fucking with!
what, did you shit all over the kitchen?
well, it would be if my mule wasn't a complete psycho.
i'm scared of him. he's crazy.
sure, you were just stealing from those assholes.
i think i am a fool.
"being silly at times runs in my family, i think," she replied calmly.
your brother is dead, and you insult him!
they don't want no trouble. you might argue with them about price and shit, but you ain't gotta worry about them shootin' you in the back.
i understand that a limited perception of an incompetent mind can see it that way.
... and i know you're doing your business in this pile of shit.
he told me you fucked his fiancée... and broke his heart, he said.
some crazy, weird shit.
you didn't honestly think... that i would kill my story because we had sex, did you?
this place is disgusting.
watch your mouth, shithead.
you can't listen to that shit pianissimo.
bell just killed the kid.
fate ..protects fools, little children and ships named enterprise.
your wife wanted to sleep with me.
"aloysius creevey groomed me until i sexed him.
what y'all trying to do to me and shit?
and what the hell is he getting out of this?
so everything was useless.
and you didn't feel bad about dad anymore because that watch you gave him... was a nice fuckin' watch.
i've seen nick's junk a million times.
kill those alarms!
you fool, why don't you try asking your neighbours.
little shits.
a murder will make you feel better.
i could have killed myself.
i bet the move through this crazy king's back was pretty as a picture.
you're impossible.
three tribe members will then shoot coconuts into your basket.
why the fuck didn't you listen to me?
i have to rip him off!
i've never tried so hard to be gay and made such a dismal mess of it.
holy shit!
a bunch of cowboys up the ass, and not one of them's got a gun.
you fuckin' kiddin' me?
is that what you want, goddamn it?
throw them off the ship! - no!
hall tried to convey everything by grimaces and dumb show, but mrs. hall was obdurate.
by assassinating his majesty.
he sucked it, then he ways-- - bev, bev, it's not helping.
but he never shows the struggle, how things change, how good it can feel to lay into a real pain in the ass.
it's not the blast cap i'm worried about, it's my damn fingers. stop your complaining.
no. ugh. i just realized that the guy i slept with sucks.
the gay face of spring is set before the world
it sounds stupid, but it's really funny.
what about the shit?
stick your chest out shake your tush
i own the damn building!
they say you and your wife raped their children, since the winter of '99.
i'm going to rattle his cage. and when he sticks his neck out, i'll nail him.
but you ain't gonna read about it in any fucking history book.
listen, that man is the one i'm in for killing!
i mean, you fucked up your life, right?
in truth you are an invalid who has lived way too long.
it's garbage.
what the hell are you doing here?
lisa, sweetie, if anything had happened to you... oh, shut up.
cut the crap, peter.
take your fucking hands off me.
my heart filled with a terrible hatred for the goblin.
people are taking this shit seriously.
the man risked his life and his family, and i'm not going to let him get killed by some poor prison cockroach.
one reason is that the country’s leadership now appears to be digesting the same garbage information it feeds to the public.
"you fucking..."
one of the silver linings of dying is watching the people you love lose their shit 'cause they miss you so much.
but you know in my life, a lot of bad shit happened to me.
you want to murder our neighbour?
i've come to tell you that if i ever hear your name on my case, i'll beat the hell out of you.
"rubbish," said elaine.
you are as wicked as you are gorgeous.
we're screwed.
what the hell have the three of you been doing all these years?
silas: come on. put this shit on your back.
let's get rid of her.
after the indian we were gonna quit killin'.
what the fuck is he talking about?
let me go, you brute!
that skank zoey broke his heart.
you two can go back to the mill or hell... but don't follow us.
how long should i wait to have sex with him?
who's the fucking manager?
i mean, we all knew he was a penis, but... none of us knew there was going to be that.
i wonder if he's in the trash too.
fungus!
those fool yankees want a war.
i hate her guts.
"you will tell me when he is right to kill.
they are useless without you.
you have a son who's an ex-gay and a husband who went to whores.
i found some rat crap, and i thought you'd feel safer.
there was a fat guy who was still eating spaghetti, he was crazy, and he had 15 pairs of sunglasses.
well, yours were so awful that i use them as a prostate gland under our tea.
i'm grateful that our kiss did not become a fuck.
he's so fond of hanging her in the bedroom...... opposite your window?
"i confess," replied gideon spilett, "that a mortal blow to a moronic is a very peculiar thing, and i don't see how he might have been thrown so high above the water yesterday.
he eats little boys, puppy dog tails, and big, fat snails.
he waited for the killing of fleeing cowards, and instead met with furious opponents who didn't flinch.
ricky's head will explode any minute.
i'm useless.
next spring will find us dead.
"i never thought," said bonn, "that i'll see a bigger fool than metzov."
rose thinks everything is a psychopath.
who-- who-- who-- who's gonna take care of this dick?
aaron...... my job is to trace a potential rapist.
and they pulled the gold fucking spoon.. out of mouth so i could come here.
what are you fuckin- you see, when you use the silencer a lot you have to put a piece of cloth here because it gets very hot and could burn it inside.
men die for her.
i was stupid, and it left me pregnant and alone.
give me the fucking keys.
oh jesus. this is so fucking embarrassing.
all their streets full of blood, shit and vomit!
i guess you’re suggesting that the defendant was being cagey when she asked you to shut off the camera,” davis said, shrugging her shoulders, sending a nonverbal message to the jury that she thought i was full of crap.
proctor assures me he'll have plenty of time for us to cut the little bitch, so he didn't keep his part of the bargain.
all i'm saying is that you anthropologists and missionaries are crazy.
he figured out how to kill without being in a room.
now once you start work, you don't go until the game breaks up and that fucking place looks like an operating room.
i felt like a cheap bitch.
what the fuck is the matter with you?
just shut up for a second.
the god of war will destroy you!
doesn't anybody here read a goddamn newspaper?
he was evil.
now, you tell your boss... ...next time people are gonna die.
i'm gonna die... ... with everyone thinking i killed my brother.
then you explain to me, no jargon, no spooky bullshit, exactly what's going on, ok?
when the phone rings, he runs around the house like a fool.
shit! you see?
i'd blow a hole right through his red hat.
you think killing joe will make everything ok?
bring him here, or the americans will kill him.
does that make any difference, if i'm fucking a beautiful woman for money?
"any second now, he's going to call me a bitch."
he's supposed to be installing a skylight, but i guess he's waiting until he's done screwing my wife.
do they want to kill her?
there was dirty garbage out of the box of white chalk.
what the hell?
for contacting your dodgy friends.
what the hell did you swallow?
be a bastard.
and when i do hit frisco i'm gonna be the ladiest damn lady you ever seen.
all he does is kill and destroy.
stop stuffing her fucking head.
that he fucking promised?"
but just because robbie was guilty of selling dope doesn't mean he deserves to get raped up the ass every day for ten years.
listen, i ain't saying a fucking word.
if you believe you could be a loser, i say, go for it.
i know it's late, and i'm a little fucked up, but...
he's in here for killing his girlfriend.
once i got there, i had a weird sense of ignorance where your body ends and the water starts.
look like you've seen a fucking ghost.
shit! you best hurry up and get out of there.
another bully for your collection, boys.
get your fucking dog.
show your tits!
you'll never feel pain again, you'll stab him with a pin...
what the hell am i looking at?
you even tried to wipe your butt off.
i wasn't right for the job, so i needed some fool to replace me.
you hang the garlic strings around your neck and put them on your window.
i have to put him behind my head.
just so you know, i ain't going to let you bleed to death.
americans love their garbage.
who will try to kill himself
oh, i'm a crook!
i'm going with stupid. wouldn't be the first time a cheating wife arranged for her husband's death.
now, come on and fuck a baby into me.
you molested my wife.
goddamn krang, man.
literally it's a fermented drool of old woman.
i mean, we just found a fucking camera of the future.
fucking with me was the worst mistake you ever made.
people eat that shit up.
the thief killed him, and used his gun to commit robberies. and used his gun to commit robberies.
i feel it in my groin.
hugh spit blood.
this motel is like... like, one of those places you'd go if you want... an old-fashioned rape... or a murder.
and i want you to know it means shit to me 'cause i've heard it before.
you tell 'em, "empty out the register..." they don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
for an instant, she'd wanted the death penalty.
i got an itchy trigger finger here, and i'm ready to blow some shit up.
it’s idiotic nonsense to say they are not.”
do you want me to sit in greenwich village with fags?
for months, years have trained for a moment like this, and then, for three minutes on the ground, he will shoot him.
in a few minutes we can start shooting.
but he's either dumber than he seems to be when he shows me that he's watching me, or he's smart enough - and courageous - to deliberately risk blaming me for his informative skills, because he imagines himself to impress me.
it's a foolish thing to try.
bite it.
"what in the nine hells are you?" the bounty hunter roared.
look, alan, i appreciate your sucking up... ...but you can't fill the gaping wound in my heart with deli meat.
she'd have sold the thing for a dime bag. screw her.
except i'm not a gay architect, and my wife is not sleeping with my son.
dying out. that makes me happy.
indigenous children have a significantly lower chance of educational success.
fucking knackered.
we have a thousand feet to murder his wife, but no proof.
le cirque, flamingo east, oyster bar. come on, faggots.
you know my father is also sick.
sonny, if the enemy ever caught you with this, they wouldn't kill you,
more crazy, colored,
i know these people in my goddamn blood.
i've got a lot of dick.
my head will explode.
you are a human or a demon.
i am a wastrel.
the butt is just massa-- but the head is one big bone.
you know all too well that the cursed beast it was.
short distraction to get separated from her, and we could shoot them with an em pulse.
like, the asian can't drive, the scots are stingy,
yeah, like you said, this place is crawling with... dog weirdos.
well, shit, if it's on tape, it's gotta be true.
how gallant of you to risk your life to protect the feelings of your whorehouse.
he and his nasty friend inflated frogs until they burst.
we need to figure out how to get the fuck out of here.
did you just lick my neck?
do you realise that you haven't even come close -to giving me a goddamn apology?
that means you'll be getting your shit soon.
brennan's got little pinhole brennan's got a little dick.
i don't give a damn about your politics.
okay, stab!
you know how many times i studied that damn manifest?
that's arrogant, moody.
us getting screwed in the referendum?
stupid emotionally retarded workaholic?
i don't give a damn about your crocodile!
all that murdering and fucking and no sons?
if you find him, can you tell him to call his bomb?
men will hunt us, the gods will curse us.
sewer rat may taste like pumpkin pie, but i'd never know... 'cause i wouldn't eat the filthy motherfuckers.
worst-case scenario, i go to jail for robbing a fucking truck, you know, for a year.
gee, quinn, if you're not going to listen to ideas from your own dance committee, maybe you should just plan the dance alone. don't be silly...
oh, shit.
it is too late and i am too tired to give a shit... ..about some pissant lieutenant's bad version of intrigue.
that was damn f-f-funny!
i was thinking that we would attempt to shoot a cover of you.
look, i'm gonna go find out if the coast is clean, and then we'll get these tits off, okay?
motherfucker. - one key question investors have for lehman brothers:
i never want to see you again.
shut up, baby, or you'll be back on the street.
the woman simply had no concept of a feminine sexual appetite.
i'm gonna chew my leg off.
go on, spit it out.
he's a criminal boss.
holy shit!
but why should we bother them when we're dealing with a little worm like shigezo?
these monsters are waiting for him. - they want him to kill vecanoi - i don't care about vecanoi! all i care about is the master.
slimy, stinky eel, meet slimy, stinky marauder.
stop being the wussy sensitive guy just to impress her, man.
oh, shit.
oh, that is one unbelievable piece of eye-fuck.
oh, that's profiling bullshit, forget them.
damn it, boss, we've got to trust somebody."
they were gonna blow up a city bus full of them.
it's a fucking mess, but...
and he's probably ignorant, yet charming enough to take his victims.
on trask's leg was a big, slimy rat.
i feel like a fool.
for that reason, i decided to hang a gun on a nail.
the thing is, if they find out i'm behind this, they'll kill me.
the reason i never lock it is because i can never remember where i put the goddamn key
damn it.
despite all the evil i'd encountered, i'd never imagined a person could exist... someone as thoroughly toxic as yourself.
the five of you are in big fucking trouble.
i haven't talked to her, jer.
fuck off! go!
don't get up all over my balls, lucy. just go get the dresses.
you're a bad man.
you know, tick and shit.
and it must be better than sitting in the sun, with the two of you, drinking beer and smoking your shit.
god damn!
the holy regents seek to interrupt your neutrality, join forces and destroy the damn rebellion!
i've been waiting on your ass all night.
anyway, you know the fucking crying guy with the cat?
this is the only dummy ever since you got shot.
i used to pride myself on the idea that i was a bit... tough especially over the past kicked around, and bullwhipped, and damned.
get off me, man!
you sack of shit. if you lost that baby fat, you'd disappoint me.
dirty little mouse.
where'd you really get that stuff, you big sissy?
rich, he's bazonkers. get him off the floor.
give that motherfucker his money.
they looked so pathetic now.
i got to get the fuck out of here before i hurt somebody.
she goes to town on his battered torso, delivering a torrent of kicks to the frail frame of the mummy.
or else, she'd suffocate.
if gays start getting married, that's when the whole world is going to be doing it.
i'm gonna take this fucking thing, i'll put it through the window... ...and me and my buddy cheswick are gonna go out through the hall... ...downtown, sit down in a bar, wet our whistles... ...and watch the ball game.
"if he's got the door set for his codeword only, we're screwed," frigate said.
i pull the curtain back and there's the fucking history teacher with tenure.
oh, the usual. russian virgins.
don't be an hysterical woman.
paul, you've gone completely... - stop telling me what's wrong with me, and tell me what's wrong with my goddamn son!
dirt.
i'm wearing my fat pants.
i'll have my assistant shoot it over to you.
your mother is ill for you.
we're gonna incinerate my grandfather.
after they’ve been out to sea for a day, the captain (commander eden—the same poor son of a bitch who got the job of ramming his previous command into norway) staggers out of his cabin, making use of every railing or other handhold that comes within flailing distance.
shit, it might be, yeah.
and then, when i turn out the lights and everything's dark, you'll leave the loser in the sewer.
you must excuse i'm so ignorant, but ...
this is finally paying for your arrogance.
she'd think i was down here screwing my head off or something.
"go suck on it," said bean.
"ahh, do i see your cock growing, nguarorerue? . . . no, no, perhaps you are only thinking of someone you loved, somewhere, long ago . . . back in südwest, eh?"
your gods see you as a worthless and an hour of reckoning.
butters is such a butthole. oh, my god.
give me a set, and i'll fucking do it.
and then you're just as ignorant as them in the city say you are... ...while they stealing food off your table... ...and every nickel out your pocket, saying, "thank you."
didn't she know what she was gonna do when they accused the burly dick of hiring a professional killer?
that earned me a sharp pinch on my butt from gideon.
i'll personally see that you fry in the goddamn chair for this.
someone should beat these guys.
but when i look at you, all i see is a weak person.
i think it's called "kick-ass."
since they couldn't see the buildings they would have then, perhaps, split up into their own sections and spread out for a search.'then where are they?’damned if i know.
idiot, that's a guatemalan red.
damn, steve. it's only been two days, and you're already showing.
and not my dad, a big foreign uncle with big hands, which are bigger than your fffffface!
v, would you stop looking at that shit?
i've never seen anyone unluckier than you.
and it was a bunch of misfits who all came from the same kind ofbackground.
i butchered them for decades in chinatown, never understanding a damn word they said.
i see the shit.
"damnation!
disgusting, how can you drink that?
i think they're trying to figure out if you're full of shit.
your friend matt punched you in the trap! how could you have been so stupid?
i don't give a shit about money.
listen, i'm sorry that tonight has turned to shit... ~ what? .. but i wanted to...
finch, you fuck up.
been in this car all damn day.
it's like hitting your ex-girlfriends's heads against the wall, but instead, it's a picture of a dick with assigned balloons?
you think they're gonna let murderers and rapists out of this place, ever'?
is viola going to be shot dead?
he can't even cook for his own damn self, how he's gonna cook for two boys?
i never knew you were into this kind of shit, john.
i'd like to see a knife in you.
i already burned 10 of them.
i'll tell you what you see, you idiot.
he was not one of those dull-witted, unimaginative men of nerveless meat who were too stupid ever to be afraid – but physical fear he could account for and discount.
jackass, can you not hear me down there?
thanks, bitch.
we had you dead.
tell me why i shouldn't kill you.
that sucks.
yeah, i know. crazy for you.
this guy's going to drag the bitch over the head of the pillow.
he's miserable, tripp.
you burned my fucking house?
shit, please?
peter: and what kind of legal support will you provide, besides being her mirror image of crazy?
so... roger, you snake...
pernicious talk that arabs do not want democracy has been revealed as a big lie they really are.
all of a sudden she's crazy.
he ran away when i was eight months old, useless in bed.
when you fuck her, he marries the guy he's going to be after you.
it's what you are, jason. a killer.
gloria, holy crap.
are you trying to get yourself killed?
we figured a killer like the goat would have a good chance of...
first that stupid wilson tries to be a hero.
why would you be fucking telling him?
do you think we're fools?
a charlatan!
how's the sex with mrs.
one thing i can guarantee you, i'm not going to serve anything with the shit out there tonight.
no "tony" shit! get your coat, we're leaving.
my feelings are fucking real.
how can a scumbag like quesada afford an attorney like hirsh?
you know, i don't know what's going on with you, drillbit, but i'm not going to fuck him.
are you crazy? grandpa's favorite bell.
clark, where the fuck are you?
one last foolish gesture?
you hear that, black irish?
"alyssa, i'm sorry i called you a gap-toothed bitch.
captain, we're screwed.
i not fucking kidding, man.
and then there were boobs.
professor, these two cases i don't want to hear your bullshit!
that'd be a damn big lizard. robert:
that's you, pussycat.
i know i don't need to tell you this, but you look fucking terrible.
nope. not your prostate.
jack dunphy's tull ot shit!
i'm gonna fire josh, the taiwanese team hates him, nobody listens to him.
uh, well, you could... if some dickhole hadn't stolen it!
you're being a weirdo.
agent flynn should have died, and he would have if it weren't for me.
if they cut off his hand, he'll decide if he's going to live or die.
yeah? they played a tape. - how the fuck did they get a tape?
"voot's beard, he's a damn shrewd politician!"
what would you do if they killed ours?
it sucks, on the other hand, it's easier to tell us apart now.
and there won't be any partner in there to shoot you.
oh, fuck, no.
hey, corporal, i'm saying you hit that slot first, or we're damn...
if i'm right, i'll come to your house and i'll cut you out on the porch steps.
go on, throw up!
you son of a bitch!
this hell hole.
but otherwise i have to admit that if she was any different than what she was, she would be ugly, but because she's what she is, i don't like him.
still, the chinese junk was quietly sailing a metre high, rolling against its bow from the east.
how else are we supposed to stop my big, horrible, greedy father from destroying your beautiful neighborhood?
no more bullshit.
he got out of the car and ordered the slobber to keep the mailman and the smirks and looked as if he was serious, and opened a bitching gate and headed for the front door.
did you fuck her?
getting rid of every trace of me.
a giant-size snickers bar. listen, would you mind terribly if i threw up on you?
you pretend it's all above board and it's appropriate, and the next thing you know, you're having sex in the coat closet at your brother's engagement dinner.
family and friends, and former students, scout squad, including that annoying deaf girl.
what the hell is that?
he had taken a bullet to his head that blasted off half his skull.
who among you is without sin, first throw a rock at her!
you've succeeded in turning me into a frickin' jack in the box!
yeah, that's bullshit, ronnie.
me and my boat, marooned on this fucking island 25 years.
okay. i've never had anyone stare at my ass for half an hour, so i'm gonna say good night. and i'm hoping you're gonna say it back.
you just fill that out, and you shoot us over a credit card.
in fact, i am having sex right now too.
there's gotta be at least 500 other smoke eaters here that do that shit for real every day.
no, you're more than a vampire.
look, i don't know shit about mexico.
and when you kill your favourite oracle, what then?
thank us or kick our ass, huh?
it smells worse than a toilet.
the son of a bitch is three charlie.
kill her!"
hey, a suicide booth!
i could take a piss on him.
i'll harpoon a whale.
go, bite-sized hulk.
well, you've been running this shit with me since the very beginning anyhow.
i want a shot of you three men.
your husband abused eva, and was molesting zoe too.
one of a lot of daddy porn.
we got a caucasian male, 50s, gunshot to the head. and tastefully garnished with an explosion of yellow roses.
i wonder if the killer doesn't take gifts like a hooker.
especially for a poor, timid sap like you.
oh, well, baby, mr. wildhorn didn't really shoot your clown.
so, anyway, it's 75 for a straight fuck... 50 for a b.j.
you shot him.
if you dress like me and shave your head.
i said, "motherfucker, are you threatening me?
he's the brains of bedouins.
# fools connect, then they pass
look at it like this every sucker's done the same things that i did.
you'll probably be beaten.
a lethal enforcer of the russian mafia...
i shot her.
in other words, fuck, it was getting late and i was hungry.
nasty, nasty guy.
ito teruzumi was a minor daimyo of negato province in western honshu but his family was ancient, descended from fujimoto lineage, so he would be acceptable as a regent, though he was an ineffectual man, effeminate and a puppet.
‘you may not have the best fighters around, but damn me if you don’t have the prettiest army i’ve ever seen.’
he's the one fucking it up!
ok, so kerry might not be the fittest girl ever, but she'll almost certainly give you a blow job if you stick with it.
the pig had done me on all fronts.
yeah, but i've had sex since i was 11.
the country is to them a misery, a death, a hell.
you'll drown the lot of us!
and you take this gentleman to write well, but always about ridiculous things.
yeah, kill the father. fuck my mother! - nobody's gonna fuck their mother on my stage!
ready to get your ass kicked?
i always assumed that john crichton was just a criminal.
they killed him, sir.
it wasn't a fucking womb.
i can't believe it! fuck...
fucking get out of the way!
you know the emperor is a fool into everything from the west. and the samurai think everything changes too quickly.
gray, i wantyou to pack upyour shit and get it out ofthe apartment... by the time i get home tonight, because we're done.
get off me.
i never gave my kids my butt, but i wasn't around them when they were small.
and sometimes, when i'm late, they call me "dead-ass, shot abby."
don't be ridiculous.
it'd be to get your ass thrown in jail.
you want a fucking tuition check.
wake up and let's get the fuck out of here!
he's like a hybrid between a puppy and a cockroach.
i'm the one who put a goddamn roof over his head!
all in favour of killing 'em, raise your tail.
i think it would just rip her apart.
even if i did, i wouldn't tell you shit.
i even put a dick on my head.
screw you! how dare you say that of my sister!
it would be a shame to let him explode.
damn, this fool got the chair three times, ain't died yet.
if she needs any ideas for costumes, she could be a, uh, bikini model... ...or a slutty nurse, or a sexy cheerleader. or, ooh, ooh.
goddamn it.
the ops officer, on the other hand, looked like a woman who wanted to strangle people with her bare hands.
yeah, because you don't have tongue enough in the back of your throat.
he's useless without telepathy.
they want to kill what can help humanity survive.
because if all this goes to hell, i don't want you to be part of it.
pick up your lazy ass, gretzky.
why don't you rob the queen?
bullshit, you're my grandson!
and when i found out she was going to write about what a jerk i was, 'cause i was acting like a perfect gentleman at the meeting, so now he's writing about there's no real men in town anymore.
in my profession, when someone deliberately lies, he's a liar.
you're a schizo who's wanted for murder, and you're laying in bed next to me gabbing like a 1 6-year-old girl on the phone.
i've seen pictures of guys, like, totally grabbing their dicks and chicks like showing their bush.
kind of useless, but i guess you're still looking for your own style.
i have learned that when you hunt the dream, especially with plastic tits, you overturn the right beauty right in front of your nose.
no, i was too busy to remember the name of one little devil in the community.
it looks like we're in a goddamn pit!
enjoy your life, shit pot.
promoting my new comic book, "pussy patrol".
they passed neat little shops and slave pens with heavily barred windows, passed elegant hotels and smoky grog shops full of surly free niggers, passed close, humid alleys and airy courtyards each with its well or fountain, passed haughty creole ladies with their escorts and chaperones and a gang of runaway slaves in iron collars and chains cleaning the gutters under the careful watch of a hard-eyed white man with a whip.
what the hell is this trench doing here?
don't go out and get laid by your snitches and your secretaries and strippers!
americans want chickens to die.
i had to jerk off at work today.
i just got some shit i got to handle.
you'll get your fucking money.
his bum may have stolen the phone.
i am not coming out of this bathroom... until everyone stops acting crazy!
you're making me sick.
she's called pig lady.
i fucked up, huh?
your presence means death and destruction for these wonderful animals.
i've put this shit on three times, it keeps evaporating!
put that shit in the bag.
so we wait till dark, dump his ass in the park.
are you trying to kill your mother?
shut up, meg.
we need you to get sex.
and we kill not just kovacs, but everyone in the room.
this guy will suck your dick off if you let us go.
the uglier you are, the smarter you'd better be.
'happy birthday, you bastard,' he said, and clapped bobby on the back.
and the killer must be punished.
jeremiah fuller managed to escape the kidnappers, go home and kill his wife.
my fucking wig .
look, if this is the gang fucks, i don't mind.
a needle into the lower spine and into the brain.
he could be eaten by a pit bull.
you killed these two people and threw her overboard.
you know shit about stealing cars!
pagan sinners!
time to die.
our young ladies are following an insane killer.
you shitting me?
why the hell should he?
why do all those crazy freaks fly in the night?
and end our fight, or the rest of your people will die.
damn you! try it yourself let's go
he is a beast!
crazy-shit time it was, we were using them for toilet paper, i swear to god.
shh, shut up.
people don't seem to want things, with broken insides that resemble sex of other people.
you might argue with them about price and shit, but you ain't gotta worry about them shootin' you in the back.
are you sure you're ready, mr. metalwork scum?
you looked miserable.
you realize what you just did to me, asshole?
you're as shithouse crazy as your brother, loony bin jim.
i've spent $80 on bribes, $60 on a hotel... all right, shut up.
give me your fucking money, man.
screw it like me.
she goes to the caves in afghanistan...... to rot on her head.
stupid... i'll see you later.
you should hit it too.
enough of being stuck in this flying cage with you... even without all the bullshit.
this one sucked all the way to the label.
but there are other freaks who have the same bullshit, and we need your opinion.
mobile phone, such bullshit.
i could have killed him.
they belong to the marine corps, and they'll be put to death.
and johnny "ass" pickett.
you can't be gay for one person unless you're a girl and you don't meet ellen.
you guys breed like an amoeba.
i don't know what the fuck i'm doing.
you don't have the balls.
"get back down there and play dead, and we'll reanimate your messmates."
you're crazy if you think i'll be bonded to you forever.
think you're fuckin' tough, huh?
penetrations through the wall and go to the ship.
a couple of crazy kids.
the space idiots are back.
i hate this shit.
and i should have poisoned a man to get him out.
it's his garbage.
the fabric of her shirt tightened to her, and eddie thought her breasts looked bigger.
when we get out of here, i'll only eat cakes and fat as a pig.
go, crazy megan.
oh. mom will like the size of her boobs.
think of a name for my baby. bastard. good, huh?
step no nearer, for already i see thy bloody purpose.
you're gonna need a gun.
"don't get pigheaded on me, web."
old monk, keep your excuses.
and if my date is the handsome one, maybe it'll be throat, throat, groin.
and when the baby is big enough strong enough to hurt him, i'll be dead.
aleksey nikolay'ch was andropov's lapdog.
yes, the cowards are smart!
metallic buffoons.
no one messeswith the crazy guy.
get the fuck out of here!
so you told zooey you were jerking off in her picture?
and if the cameras were working, that means you fucked up.
9.5 penis on the way some sums added to the supplement, which were sent before the end of the year, were by the bank of recipients registered only in 2006.
shit, your brother's grown up.
your mom's a cougar.
and they are crazy for me.
it's french, damn it.
holy shit!
look, you can't be half a gangster, nucky.
let's assume you had sexual intercourse.
poor woman
i shoot everyone in my studio.
'cause i hooked a flashbang in a meth lab, burned down the whole fucking apartment building.
an age in which linge chen still believed, even though it was a little silly.
she was even older and dirtier.
shit. how did you get here so fast?
because, human lover, her daddy fucked up my bar and glamoring's boring.
ale, put that shit in the dumpster, too.
you fucked a guy who owns mooby's?
you've been too busy with the useless fictional women to teach me a real life lesson.
loud, dumb, and enthusiastic.
who the hell is that?
"i'm smitten by this fool."
"but everybody else knows you're on a freight train to stupid town."
this is your shot, dude.
crying their little orphaned asses to sleep cos they lost their mama some years ago and now they out there on their own.
you sound so selfish.
better pissed than shit!
howie, we can't throw money out of shit.
shut up.
'stupid, 'huddie said.
"you didn't resign because of those stupid rumors, miles!"
okay, we had sex.
what the hell are you doing with your hand?
i'm not a fucking cylon.
get rid of him.
i want to go shoot the basket.
the blonde was sitting with her legs wide open in front of them, undoing jason's pants.
where's the key, monster? "he shouted at ghek.
all right, let's get my daughter the shot.
not even a bitch!
the sick girl...
the man who ms. strauss gave oral sex before she was killed is...
look, you can take your ass out of this, but trust me...... this will give us plenty of time.
i really don't like kids, screaming, whining, undergarments...... and i don't like to fall asleep first...... so i don't like men who snore.
shut up! hands behind your back!
i know my fucking rights!
maybe you were in a mental institution and killed someone.
he has one eye and he's got no balls.
i miss your sweats, your electric toothbrush, your imprint on your pillow when you wake up, i even miss your shit.
oh, i'm sorry. while you go and screw other women?
in hell with her... ...if there's any truth to what the nunstaught me in catholic school.
all your beloved ancestors, and mine... ...and those young ones... ...who were takenby the white man's diseases.
and if i go with you tonight and kill me, i'll lose any chance of fixing all the things i've destroyed.
you know, say you're out on a date with some dick, he does something you can't quite decipher, you call me up,
these people are very sick, and doctors here and everywhere else do what they can.
now you leave the bugger alone.
move on, you little beggars! can't you see we're not home?!
i don't care that i can't feel anything from that department, now that i've finally got rid of that damned colostomy."
who the hell is archie?
damn cold out tonight. can i come in?
partial print -- a partial fucking print!
wow, he really fucked me up.
don't fuck with me.
he was a strange old fool, seth thought.
come on, get your asses in here before i change my mind.
but because humans have progressed and now have access to all the shit they want whenever they want it, it's easy for them to overdo and have dopamine problems.
"oh crap, should i be looking at that eye or that eye?"
but what you did was useless.
hey, hey, hey, you stop this shit now.
you really are santa claus' dog, mon.
i talk to the nation of islam, and you white folk tell me i'm a separatist.
because you'il be staying a long time, parasite!
he intends to destroy you because you are the only obstacle to his domination.
then the whole thing fucked up.
tear them to pieces.
daisy, you're a tease.
you screw with me again, it's gonna cost you some teeth.
and then on the bus, we laugh about the shit we've done on stage.
when they're all in one place you slaughter 'em.
why not, you son of a bitch?
i told that sucker to...
the fucking cavalry.
you're loony. the black knight always triumphs!
i smash them.
they sucked and you know it. and that's why from now on i'm officially just bar manager.
who the fuck are you texting with?
after i called her up and she said she'd go with me, i was scared to death i'd make an, asshole of myself, or that buddy repperton would show up and want to fight, or something else would happen.'
i know why you've been pretending you have all these feelings for me and that we have this deep connection, but you can cut the crap.
what the hell are they doing?
as soon as they find out we don't, we're dead.
twenty-five fucking years, pal.
you fucked up, didn't you?
i remember standing at the bus stop in tucson and gary said, "i have three balls."
i had sex with jessica.
that dog wasn't fucking around.
dennis gladstone, the owner of the house, got his ass kicked.
he smiled his stupid smile..... .and said i shouldn't be afraid to be open to him.
loser!
this fucker's having himself an accident.
i was trying to punch his major in the eye.
we got guns and shit.
there's such a thing, dirty face, it's called a unique woman.
i'm just gonna, i'm just gonna hang.
don't want to fuck up, leonie.
you capitalistic laborer!
cheetahs are used to eating gazelles and shit.
now i feel pathetic.
it will turn you into a vampire.
will, if we don't light a fire, we're gonna freeze our butts off.
even if we dressed him up in three layers of clothes, i'm sure it would kill him."
hey, kid, just a few photos, will that make gae in into a fool?
don't be a snake on my chest.
six assets, one traitor.
i think you should go with your instincts here. be a jerk.
crazy...
i know. we draw straws and the loser runs across the lot with a ham sandwich.
what's with those bastards?
(jim wilkinson) lehman brothers is in much bigger shit than bear stearns.
despite a flurry of pointed black nipples, harry saw a long line of frightened pranks entering the hall.
you’re too goddamn careful.
if we weren't, we'd just spend all our time trying to figure out what crazy shit everybody else was up to.
she had not yet taken a bath and smelled like a wet dog.
what the hell are you talking about?
emma, before you came along, a lot of people would have described me as selfish... narcissistic.
my husband says he borrowed this crap from you.
where are the balls?
okay, i know how to deal with bullheaded men.
eastern bloc loves western cock.
no, that would be ridiculous.
what kind of freaky shrink are you?
people once were like ferengi: greedy, greedy, only interested in their profit.
we have two boys, clowns!
shit, could be your ticket to a paradise full of virgins.
a dead bird hides only a fool in a box of toys.
she had rotten teeth and a leather coat.
and the ladies enjoy being gentlemen, not fools.
what you need is some fucking after sun and a beer.
it means it's nearly sucked.
all right, let's cut him down.
damn, i was gonna sell that for 100 grand.
to them she was just another wench on her chain, perhaps more poorly trained and less docile than most.
holy shit! (driver) all right, i'll pick it up on my way back.
this is the most ridiculous thing anyone has ever done for me.
small shit. you decide if you wanna go to the next step.
for him, color-sweetened means having matching tights and buttocks!
one would say that someone so fat has a hippest skin.
but how stupid would we be to make decisions about what college we want to go to based on our old boyfriends? i may be that stupid.
but... this bitch could, right?
he was a low-level thug for my father.
i don't like women who are into cripples.
we beat their masters and they try to take their place...... and destroy those who destroyed the shadows.
when you talk to her, don't forget to mention that you're admiring how i'm risking my ass for men.
you got three of my men killed carrying out your personal business.
oh, shit!
the worst thing you can imagine - that inglés.
in winter, you'll be shit!
we got rid of you as much as you wished.
did you let the bitch slip through your fingers?
and shit, my father.
you're risking your life to help strangers, so you're gonna fry the tough guy on your face.
you know, you can be one pain in the butt sometimes.
you're always saying how much slavery sucks.
to hell with tea!
after four years of war with those cylon bastards, did you really think you could deal with them?
your commerce is so far up my ass, i can't sit up.
but you know, "me" kind of sucks, so i invented detective forge, all because the man in the suit went away.
it would be the same as putting a baggie over my head and then slitting my wrists.
well, they're a damn sight more interesting than british kings.
so we take him down to his car, we tell him to get out of town or we're gonna kill him.
you feel like you need to fuck?
stem cells, dumbass!
i' m afraid mozart is a lost cause, baron.
and i know whose house that is, silly girl.
he ain't the first white man don't trust colored folks' word.
you let them kill them?
i couldn't just sit there like a dummy and let murder be committed before my eyes and not do something.
who the fuck are you to spit on this uniform? huh?
or some stupid computer program?
yeah, tom, i have to tell you, if you need my testicles, i'm gonna need a special clearance from the county manager, tom.
she was damn real.
if i go there, i'll just destroy it.
he's gonna fuck up the whole operation.
keep your mouth shut.
you know how sick he is.
look, i don't know what the hell your problem is... ...but you do not wantto tick me off right now.
yeah, the hemorrhoids are humping like rabbits.
i was stupid for thinking you could possibly miss me.
why do you think they called it the depression, dork?
i was thinking about pussy.
and you don't lecture me about undead suckers that i hunt my whole life!
i'm waiting for you to punch me in the chair.
do you want me to have sex with her?
not "lutts." i'm looking for butts.
the damned navy could piss in a vac suit, as far as north hollow was concerned.
hell, you shouldn't be hanging around any human.
you and your family... are either gonna get shot... or get a five-yearjolt at corcoran.
'shut up, ongist, 'he commanded the older man in a helmet with horns.
we want to evade those stupid people ... just run to top of the hill but i came here to avoid them
"go to your goddamn room."
fucking mess with me!
'cause all you do is piss and moan about how much you hate it here.
tell me something, pussy.
oh, shit, i totally forgot.
i've left my silly phone at home.
don't make a fool of me, young lady.
you know, mrs. johnston, this man is... a decorated marshal who personally saved my ass, not once.
why didn't you fuck me?
you give us four days... ...l'il get you a stone the sizeof a fucking home.
soon as he figures out what's going on, the jerk busts out laughing so loud that my horse rears up and gets mud all over the three of us.
don't be a dick.
we'il destroy two big cities.
all i need right now is a blowjob.
hello, nipple-nibbler.
every vampire she ever turned will die.
you want to fry your toes?
you brought the fucking cops with you?
do you know what they call an italian hooker?
video bitches.
i fucked a guy once because his family had a pool.
i touched my tits!
yeah, because the only thing you're more addicted to than booze is having a baby, which is sad, because, hell, you're friggin' barren.
you can't blame the whole damn thing on somebody else.
we'll send out the dead vipers...... drawn by cylon racists, they'll never find it on time.
shit, it went straight to voicemail.
so i'm threatened by an abandoned baby and a pregnant pussy.
do you really think you can trust that nutcase?
where's my bloody rent money?
she's a greedy reader.
rowena, you are damn hard to take.
throw cyrano out!
it's fucking liberating!
i understand you got your ass kicked today, dale.
i think he'll crucify anyone who gets in his way.
you said if i kill my father...... you will tell me everything i want about the island.
when i get back, i'll stomp on you.
i told you you should let me shoot it more often.
you must be a snake to them.
i thought... in my stupidity, that...
now... it's time to get drunk and become disgusting.
one minute you're in the school lunchroom... you fucking blink... and you're 40.
damn, it's too hot.
hey, if you don't mind putting off your nitrogen dick, could you give it to him for me, please?
i'm not gonna fucking come back for the keys.
what the hell do you think you were doing?
it looks like a birthmark or a bitch.
i'm talking about karin had to work on the street for that prick.
he's shooting at us.
"dog wrestler"
you don't know anything about that girl except someone killed her.
there wouldn't be a next time; he'd seen that in the little bastard's eyes.
a dirty little guy, about a foot and a half?
they might not kill you, but i think they could do it.
i'm not sick, but i married an incompetent.
are you saying that there's millions of me running around with millions of pathetic lives?
what do you know about this whorehouse?
the old man and his cronies... those weirdos out of the wild.
"if nikolaos knew my true age, she would have had to kill me, ma petite."
they're farts for you.
"i will avenge you with my father and brother."
i don't like you anymore.
you walk dogs for half an hour or they don't fuck.
actually, you were the first gay i saw after i got off the train.
fuck the mayor.
you bunch of rascals are preventing people from learning wing chun!
they're the worst.
all right, so first thing you got to do is change the taste, 'cause it tastes like fuckin'... ass.
one of them took my ass...
but you can't kill him until you catch him.
or worse, he didn't give a shit.
no shit... and get in the car.
give 'em hell, sarge.
you screwed up, red.
son of a bitch!
the damn kheldar crept into the cherek as a thief at night and hired every builder of the ship he found.
that's the gun that killed your father.
shut up, jerko.
damn it, look at it!
fucking romans swell his legend to their advantage.
i'm talking to you, you piece of shit!
you think that little heart on your ass is artistic?
"or i'll suck this chicken right in my gigantic nose.
well, this is my damn nest...... and i don't like the way you look at me.
you scum!
well, even that wasn't this damn wet.
and finally, this leads to one big sort of shakespearean tragedy in which... a man in black will kill his own mother.
keep your mouth shut around your brothers!
the only thing that bull semen did for me... was activate my gag reflex.
what the hell is this guy?!
"your little witch apparently didn't know about contact lenses."
enough bullshit!
he was despicable.
oh, shit.
i will put your picture on my wall of "who gives a crap?"
damn accident!
so, you were having sex with the little fella, then?
when my mom killed herself, i was pretty miserable.
i facd death in constantinople, belgrade and on all the battlefields of the islam.
how about a little urine?
a typical depraved child who grew up in a depraved man.
"you sold your brain, tumy?"
don't be surprised if your dad sends a wreath from your balls.
there was no goddamn blair witch!
don't be a pussy, you'll be sorry.
not to insult your intelligence, sir, but if the shit hits the fan, please don't fire out the humvee. the round will just bounce around, and someone might get shot.
i knew you would find a way to fuck up being a hippie.
tasteful.
his asshole father will never know.
he sure as shit ain't got no sister.
"they should be damned to the driveway - it can't be found in the dark."
you'll never forgive yourself unless you get up and you get dressed and brush your goddamn teeth, because your breath stinks and you take care of those little girls.
i wish i could at least save one of those wretched souls! '
man, i don't owe you a damn thing.
i just thought so many butts on the ground. outside the store was gross, so i said something.
the bite still hurts like a bitch, but everything else is better.
shut up!
they are trash!
if i were wolf once more, i'd teach this whore a lesson!
shut up, matthieu!
"the first shit painting and the birth of brett norton."
his way leads to truth naked, and to death.
your dad's a pussy.
on the right, draw your swords! kill!
he looks like a cocaine addict to me.
but, crazy mother!
all i know is that i miss the two people of the zoo, and they ate candy and they were stupid and happy.
you're really insensitive, bob.
the physicians' action congress had built dr. arnold heberling a personal monument, and for what: a hell of a lot of trouble, because heberling was a nut.
shouldn't i be crucified?
they have a fight song with a "dick."
i do crazy things because of you.
how the hell did her trouble get activated while she was unconscious?
beasts should be put in cages.
gob thought it meant sex in three.
he always said it was stupid, but he always went to church with her.
young men blasted out of their minds on natural and artificial male hormones must have some place to do their idiotic coming-of-age rituals.
honey, let's try to have sex next weekend when my mom comes over for lunch, okay?
baby, that bitch is high.
we're both slugs, kryten.
you think you kill him, and he pops up someplace else.
yes sir, but... but you don't give a damn!
the names have been changed to protect the slutty.
i remember the shit.
just because your mother's german. stupid.
when it gets through our fat skulls, i'd say.
i ... -shut up!
it wasn't quite cold enough to freeze die tears to her skin, but just-a-damn-bout.
would you mind telling me what is so important about a damn hourglass?
she's gonna die.
show them your trashy jail tattoo.
i can suck everything.
"and he said," what's more important, a couple of fools "
you... will be destroyed!
now, stop bullshitting and fix it!
he'd be damned if any slope's gonna put their greasy, yellow hands on his boy's birthright... so he hid it in one place he knew he could hide something... his ass.
you little troublemaker, come here...
you got your gun, and you shot james.
i want to kiss you right now.
it's not fucking true.
you know there's a pool, and the naked girls.
they both die.
"aren't you a little crazy?" clyde asked.
bruise my whole fucking head! come on!
don't you ever say i'm your goddamn homie, frenchie!
send a message to the pale goblin.
are you just gonna come over here and molest the girls?
nearest dispose-all where the killer could dump her body.
if i know anything about you, i could never be sure you won't throw me in a bullet one day.
"you say," i have a message from bidjas. "" the midget sneered.
these guys were trying to kill me. they were aiming at me.
if i hadn't found a couple of chinese servicemen, i'd starve to death with those poor bastards.
isn't he gay?
she was, as it were, dumb to him, rather distant.
we're not fucking, we're talking.
no, we're not here for mexican pussy.
when she reached the sidewalk, she looked both ways for the crazy polish woman's little yellow car.
get these goddamn men out of here.
he opened his eyes and saw his ugly opponent limping away, dripping from various parts of his body, dripping with smelly juices.
anything you say, goat.
but you don't have the balls.
make sure that today everything goes to fucking print.
we're shooting in five minutes, and that bitch leela hasn't even gotten the script yet!
i'll send an army to burn this valley.
second, he doesn't touch the garbage.
you don't hear shit?
i don't know how to fuckin' thank you.
so, you take hwang jae mu... and take him in front of me. don't kill him.
that's a place that controls the kidneys...... or the brain of a poor finger on your left leg.
he seemed to be waiting for an appropriate moment to plunge into the sea and attack the moronic in his element.
the dirty little church that murdered your client.
"you’re shitting me!"
but he doesn't have any pain, and if you really think he's more humane from grace to killing her than to keep her
not sleeping because these bastards are guarding us betterthan at a camp.
no, we shouldn't tell her 'cause she's gonna go crazy.
she said the coach is dirty.
you see those two clowns at the bar over there?
if i strip you naked, you wouldn't care.
"and you reveal your own ignorance and your damn lack of belief by attributing cancer, death, and other complicity to our lord, god of heaven and the earth.
you're gonna hurt her, man.
men are dropping like flies!
you should fuck off now while you still got the legs to carry you.
if they can't give us a proper job we will take a blow job.
their secret would be kept, and i would die, sooner or later, whipped and starved, in the kennels that were the mines of tharna.
ghetto group.
now if i only knew what the fuck that means.
just like we killed your father.
so i thought, "damn it," and i started riding motorbikes, but then, about 4 years ago, we were expecting a baby so i thought i should learn to drive and finally do those exams.
when you started rubbing me in on me like a fucking cat?
thought i'd chill the fuck out in the pool.
whatever it is, nothing but fucking love, man.
flaherty's downstairs, a couple of dicks with him.
the loser takes care of his father.
i'll hunt you down to the ends of the earth if i have to.
because he's always very angry when i kill a co-worker.
you think these men are losers.
he dotes on his spawn ranting of the reawakening of his heir and his own pathetic mortality. this heir? to look upon the child sickens my stomach.
how about chewed me up and spit me out?
we're gonna paint your father's face.
'will you accept his bloody oath? 'asked conn.
damn it. we swept the tunnels and the secret room.
shit, the cops.
we would risk scrambling his transporter signal and killing him.
i told him not to fuck with me!
you're right, that's ridiculous, unlike what we're doing.
my husband's a cheater, that's my favorite case.
every firstborn son will die.
what do you say we forget kissing-the-ring bullshit and i get close to this guy while you're talking to him?
better fool than dead.
get the stone back from the brat!
oh, damn it.
get this behind your uvula guy, and your stomach i'll think you died and went to heaven.
one would think someone with one balls would respect the differences of others.
no one knows why the little boy wanted to kill that little girl.
harkabeeparolyn was crazy.
i put up with your shit... ...because the captain likesyour cooking.
"shut up, moe," another voice commanded.
john, get us some coffees how i can save your ass everyday, you can't be without me. i got to go, thank you.
"you said you wanted me to find the damn thing, isn't it?
he was crazy.
traffic incident? bullshit!
what the hell is wrong with you?
for you, god is a lie.
after all the crap we've been through, after all the good that you've done...
he wants to see you hanged!
well... the guy's gonna suck on a woman.
holy shit.
because i know a wound in my head hurts a lot more than on my butt.
los angeles chief of police, jenkins? no shit.
i bet he even makes beautiful poop, little maltesers, what smells like...
don't tell them to fuck off.
even the most boot-fucked marine knows danger-close.
it brought me two things: nothing and shit.
i touched the pucker of his anus with the tip of my finger, my mouth sliding feverishly up and down his thickness.
mostly they just suck your blood.
they helped organize the garbage for the automobile.
now, with this... ...now that you're down... ...i’d get ready for one of those... ...class-a, new york-style pigfucks.
what's going on, eddie, don't you like rats?
because the queen hates men.
the fbi never gives a shit about murder.
looks like the male lion is screwed!
in this situation, i have to give you crazy eyebrows.
oh, not his last chance to publish his work; shit, no.
you wanna fucking take king dwayne's money?
i'm planning revenge on that bitch holly.
you're notgonna take yourmen around into the jungle to avoid a goddamn fight!
it's easy for you to say... you’re not the one stuck in a coffin... - buried in the god damn desert!
how can you trust a charlatan out of brooklyn?
robin is particularly fond of sexy women with great breasts.
you should have kept sugar's nasty ass.
fiona plopped down on all fours and practically glued her face to the diamond; her butt popped into the air.
pair of red hot dicks.
look at you, you city fool.
he's a cold fish.
there may be sexual issues, spanking, speech, nudity, dirty words, and criminal violence like a hundred handicapped orphans eliminated by the shooting.
that one was ugly.
bullshit, katie.
i just wanted you to shut up for a little while.
let's get sucked before you go.
look, i told you, kate and i is none of your fucking business.
wait. are we really notgonna have sex tonight?
i don't fuckin' believe this!
i know you, man, you don't let shit go.
rat.
there's a scout coming and i intend to fuck his world up with my skills.
"fool."
mathews turns to me, and he's got that "holy crap" look on his face.
you're crazy.
once you've lost everything, you're free to do anything, nigger.
'castor, get me a medical case - the black one.
they could take out this camp you looked at in under two minutes, kill everybody there, and be gone before the echo fades.
he's the worst of them.
you can hit me, but i'm not leaving.
we're in deep shit!
no. buddy, she's a cow.
i can live with a loser.
is it a gay party or something?.
pig!
mind your own fucking business.
schmidt, what the hell are you doing?
i want you to move this shit to the other end of the basement and then sweep the entire floor.
what is... if i may display my ignorance... a peckerhead?
you got a stupid smile.
you're both crazy, the safest place is in the basement!
damn it, harry, i'm at work!
don't do this shit.
i was in the morgue and in the hospital, and it took me half an hour to get the damn stairs!
north shore bruddah hooked us up with the name of your dead thief.
pinky's gonna burn it!
i'm on your case, scum.
my train is a damn dictatorship, and i'm the damn dictator!
he's got a "killer" written all over his face.
i encouraged you... ...to take a few fucking pictures.
send a team to dilerkot, and kill him.
that suit from my patrón, don jaime, that looked so ridiculous on me, looked just right on the owner of the shop - in fact he resembled don jaime.
'just shut up, will you?' said the temporary leader.
he don't mean that shit.
how do they get the damn thing closed?
how can i decide what to do... if the only thing that i know about him is he was screwing my wife?
it was a goddamn madhouse.
and that's ok, hope it's a good death.
and no crazy woman can bring him back to life.
look at your feet, cooked all uneven and shit.
you're as crazy as your father was.
oh, he must think you were born yesterday to believe such nonsense!
she's lonely like shit, that's why she came back.
the new cows and "i hate to fuck the same two."
fuck it. let's have a drink and forget the whole thing.
he's more terrible than those murderers.
gilbretti threw a spear and a sicilian curse on erik.
he keeps giving me this bullshit story... about finding the gun in some abandoned locker in school.
"pull the shit out of the guy you ran over," she commanded.
if your friend had really been here and thought he was threatening him, he would have killed her a long time ago.
henry! antidote!
didn't you fuckers learn anything at college?
yes, but i shot her last time like a little baby.
come on, give me the fucking gun.
you would be insane, krog!
hey, killer.
right away! go fight the spanish.
three months since you ditched my ass. haven't slept for more than four hours a night... ...but it's all good in the 'hood.
"you're full of shit, senior chief," he sneered.
look, his fucking lips are still moving.
"oh, daddy, let me touch the dead man's pancreas."
the traitor druids, in some form, waiting.
"you will regret having killed my brother."
the office rats don't understand what it's like for us in the field...... in the face of a crime.
i finally got cleveland to make him play, too, and you idiots think you're gonna ruin my life?
we've told everybody. the fbl, the mossad... - shut up!
i think about sex.
"go to hell!" lou laughed in hushed laughter, so he could not be heard at the next table.
unless you want to be next, you're gonna go to the police, and you're gonna tell them that you ordered darius to kill that woman.
oh, baby, take the bottle, you're a paedophile!
instead of two fat guys fishing, it was two naked babes.
fuck it ain't! -you can't tell me what to do!
find the blue wire and rip him out!
you don't fucking understand!
it's just dumb luck.
but even the best girls will fuck you over, you know?
you know, and i called the insurance lady a cunt and now i can't get her back on the phone.
don't fucking know.
it's useless.
i'm a fag on my ass.
and fuck knows what she's gonna bring back from there
she could refer to it in front of her colleagues at gum, and would doubtless sentence him to death.
i'm trying to find a nice way to say... you suck, bro.
"talbert, you're going to shoot the door on my cue," i growled.
"you've got balls, boy, but have you the cash to back 'em up?"
'didn't know!' idiot!
oh, this is my cute shit.
i feel like i've chafed my cock.
what the fuck are you talking about?
"i'll always love you" shut up!
you don't wanna talk about blacks and gays, why'd you bring them up?
i'm gonna find simon... and beat the fucking code out of him.
pull the fucking print off the rail, and we might get lucky and get a match.
be careful, damn it!
it will be a day, whenever it comes, when this child of honor and celebration, the chic hotspur, the knight of the famous, and ignoramus your henry will encounter.
we do it this way... we're going to do business there when we get there and they're going to ask the shit.
it's gonna be a fucking record.
it doesn't seem to keep you from humping me every night!
holy shit, foley.
even if we opened the door, the first thing we'd probably see would be a machine gun to the stomach.
hands on my tits.
the fuckin' money's in the fridge.
"aunt, you're a liar.
the hell you doing around here?
they looked like a corpse they exhumed and left to rot in the sun.
what the hell is this?
bullshit, i know who you are.
you asked for it, asshole
if you loved me, whatever i was doing, whatever we went through, you'd never have fucked me.
yeah, you don't have an uncle who wears a cyanide bullet around your neck.
get rid of four of those accountants.
is it you hated your mom, you wanted sex with your mom?
all right, we'll set the joint on fire, smoke them out.
you'd take this loser's word?
dad has a patient who dreams he shits trout.
the other targets of oscar-sierra-sierra were either criminals or terrorists.
you're not gonna let someone fuck me up?
fuck you, my prince.
now, i don't want to offend you, but i didn't come here to chat about a bunch of shit.
you look disgusting, okay?
jesus said whoever lives by the sword will die.
i was only boning you to get to mary.
she ain't wearing the $1 5,000 ring that i bought her ass.
you doctor types really got a way of sucking the fun outta life, you know that?
did you just fuck me across the street?
so i know to go ahead and shut up about it.
give them hell.
'wipe your nose, you sniveling boy!
he's probably dead.
if he doesn't fall into the night, i'll puncture his soul.
that dopey looking kid went out to get bubblegum ice cream.
i'm either a fool or he or you.
kill it, it's the last horcrux
you're abusing women.
let's go. hey, you got my fucking "playboy"?
who the fuck is barry kleinman?
you could just kill narika and vekor.
she's gonna kill you. captain, this isn't my jurisdiction... ...but i suggest you take him awaybefore i make it my jurisdiction.
now that we're back to where we started, your guess is as good as mine as to how this fucker ends.
i'm not gonna burn you again.
so i told him, "keep your fucking hands off me, or i'll cut them off."
i hacked my wife into 52 pieces.
if you want this shit, go get 'em.
stop showing them the damn bills.
pöldrick hirschbirne is a moronic variety of pears, which riles very late and very rarely consumes fresh.
i think you do, pig.
you have no fucking helicopter.
i really don't understand what's so ridiculous.
i didn't kill that little dweeb.
and we'll find the stupidest and romantic thing to do, and we'll make our movie out of him.
i can't find my damned socks.
it's fat kimmie! ♪ i'll be singing song for you ♪
... killing a neighbour because he didn't return the seamer...
as it happens these four people have not hurt a goddamn fly on the entire desert.
you know, they say five out of five dentists recommend this shit.
oh, shit, did you notice?
if my lady left me for another guy, i'd swallow a gun.
i put them in this box just to screw with you.
so i decided to dump you.
but you have to turn away from the seductive songs of those slimy liars and listen to the authorities know more about it than you do. "
nothing else to stab?
you have to admit that this idea was ridiculous.
in the next few years, bobby kennedy, martin luther king, men who became dangerous by fighting for a better life of peace, killed by such lonely fools.
what the fuck, you got a gun?
what son of a bitch sent that video to embarrass you like that?
there's... it's fucking... i'm serious.
you're just mad
i could be fucking studying right now.
pig eyes.
where'd you hear such a stupid thing?
or slash another pilot's throat.
captain, if we don't call in fifteen seconds, we'il burn!
he called me a coward.
i don't wanna talk shit about meg.
we get sex in the sixties.
do you want to live tucked away in a corner of an incompetent mother?
mosbius designs is a loser.
that is not a dick in my hand.
foolish fool, this daring young suitor, to take part in my triumph?
what the hell are you eating?
what's the point in this ridiculous war?
yeah, he sure is ugly.
your mother is addicted to addiction?
i didn't know beez would have his two boobs with him tonight.
i will install said shit.
look what the vegetable did with her butt!
i'll shut up!
you know, when she cut me up, it would be a relief.
which should really come as no surprise because men are completely unreliable.
he didn't like his butt and thought he wouldn't be sold.
what are you doing, you fool?
trash had turned around and looked doubtfully at his handiwork.
oh, my god. somebody got his ass kicked this morning.
you should've seen the look on gregory's face when he saw ryan walking back to his crappy little car.
i want to show you a new and improved loser.
me with a wife, a mule, two leghorn roosters looking for a hen... ...and six young ones to feed, and all this fool can say is "force"?
yeah, he should have shot.
and dick kicked the shit out of'em.
"suits back on, get on the starship, "and let's go get this goddamn handshake."
darn. i thought they kept this open.
david came in with all this advantage and then blaming his mom-- absolutely ridiculous.
no, i'm talking about sending two shooters to kill lisa amis.
dude, i knew we shouldn't have done this at my fuckin' dad's house.
i'm getting out of here, i can't handle this shit. .. that they may be conformed to his glorious body, who died, was buried and rose again for us.
which we'll fire at you.
would it be difficult to kill someone if they offer you a job?
with who? there's this biker chick that andy wants to fuck and a guy named chess.
my boys ain't stupid like that, all right?
we have to do a post-blast assessment. see if it was a suicide bombing, and if so, how the fuck did he do it?
do i look like a fag to them?
except for finding you disgusting.
you better tell your mama to fuck herself.
i hate them, i hate them. "
man, you've been bitching on me, so i'll never give you your watch.
my father, who smiles at mrs. jacobi and all their little bastards.
fucker.
first they'd pull the plug on you, then they'd scratch your tattoo, and if you were lucky enough to go, you'd be dead.
you're going to defend the killer of children.
damn it, alex, did you ever get a cigarette in your life?
go! charlie team, execute!
you fools, look.
he's shooting.
foolish and beloved horseman! "i say.
and damn cold comfort."
he'll smash your face.
are you all out of your mind?
all right, with the archbishop's ass, i made a mistake.
friends, dumb hats.
get the hell out of here.
pick it the fuck up!
luca never sleeps with whores.
get off! get off me!
my dad swapped a little girl from georgia for this shit.
this is false imprisonment or - some shit. darryl:
at first, it attacked me with stupidity that they were balls of polystyrene - you know, the kind they stick in packages when something fragile is sent - and then i saw that it was bone fragments.
oh, yeah, less crap, better choice in the canteen.
i'd like to have just one day when i don't put a gun to my head.
nina hates everyone, including herself and me.
bilk growled and cracked one set of knuckles against the horny palm of his other hand.
yeah, it's a gold mine, dick.
i always wanted to fuck someone, gasping for breath.
how many fucking times?
what the hell are you gonna do with that cigarette, huh?
you're an embarrassment to latinos everywhere.
yeah, someone just turned kruger's anniversary video into a sex tape.
woman turns down my proposal, i'm pretty fucking sure i'm not gonna stay friends with her.
when i see the slightest doubt, i will destroy her!
and we going to deal with 'em the way god taught us to deal with 'em... the way we dealt with little jacob harlow... who burns in hell as we speak.
even though she hated him, she couldn't kill him.
when he saw him in the front, jake realized what he was: a kind of monstrous, intelligent pig.
would you punch a confession out of the accused? you would shoot an incurable criminal in the back...... for a lawyer to...
and now i want to put her in the ground.
i saw peter at the club today with a fat black guy.
you know how you're gonna die, loo?
liar!
uhh, look, um... ..after you've had sex with a girl,... ..and you're lying in bed with her,... ..are you nervous?
how many football players put him in you...... before your mom got sick of having another whore in the house?
the driver - he probably was a rookie when they sent him to this boring testicle - he probably listened to the music, although i didn't hear anything in the gate to the parking lot where i stood.
the japanese developed a fool-proof technique, but the only way to teach it is to pick up a chick - and place it in either the male or the female bin.
all perish - all the bluster, all the bright lights of the land!
he's an animal.
the color of her poop.
because i remember saying something like stay away from him before sammy got his ass kicked.
"puercos" ain't cops. - pigs.
use your thick brain.
what the hell did you do to our ma jun?
so a couple of douchebags decided to risk their lives for their country.
your music is fucking great!
bishop, i want you and q to settle this shit right now!
it would be stupid of me to tell you anything.
don't fucking touch her!
your father had only a brain.
it's gonna take more than a loudmouth with a deviant sex life to stop me.
if tom or anyone else felt they deserved to kick, i'm sure it won't matter.
bitch!
"shoot me if you have to.
"he who robs the graves of egypt dies. "
i know my husband fucks around on the road, but we have an agreement.
shut up and tell her to get out.
what the fuck?
but if you try revive him without the proper sequence, could kill him.
marie's got him so pussy-whipped it's not even funny.
i don't know if i can fuck this woman.
winifred burkle is a monster... ...a siren, hoping to lure youaway from jasmine... ...and onto the rocksof heresy and destruction.
we just want to say we're a big fan of your work. when it comes to killing nazis...
who wants to kill me?
you can't bullshit me, dex.
i haven't seen you my whole life... and... and now you come back and just expect a relationship? i hate you.
don't try that reverse psychology a-level bullshit on me.
young man, who the hell did you get out of this for?
did you find anything on high star? shit.
a much younger and stupider me.
my father had no trouble slapping the shit out of me, which i did not return because i could've killed him.
it's the name of my dick.
and villains, they have lost their minds, but you'll need this foolishness if there's an attack.
what if i took you to the end of the train and would show me your ass?
well, you're lucky you're in michigan, 'cause if you were in some other state, they'd fry your ass.
the worst is that your bullshit seen our advertising.
here comes the bullet.
sorry about buster. i fucked up.
what if they torture him, kill him or disappear?
he was happy to make the connection so miserable.
you want to fuck me when i have my pants on.... to make it to the finals.
you complete your report, you're closing the prisoners...... so the 25 minutes of shooting first and second innings...... is a happy time for the son of a bitch.
i'll have you fired!
you know, what the hell?
if you have a bad answer, die will be a slow death.
"they suck your life out of your body."
a young knight will liberate a virgin from the clutches of an old man of inept love.
he has died a pointless death.
i took a bullet from his chest.
women, you can't live with them, especially when they change codes to the alarm.
since we fight about silly stuff, we should put on silly masks if we go overboard.
i bet this hurts like a pig too.
burn down the diner! - torch it!
who taught you that shit?
we are trying to save you, damn it!
it's not a goddamn seminar.
you stink.
don't fuck with me right now.
hold your damn fire!
i need some birth control because i'm gonna start having a lot of sex.
"shit, jack.
"let's go to a strip club and get that fucker."
move too fast, you're liable to get slapped in the face.
if a man had put us in the same danger as you, he would probably have cut his ear off, or he would have been whipped if he hadn't killed him right away.
look at that shit!
"let me live, but cut off the leg and let me grow a new body!"
what the hell is wrong with you?
they are fat.
monroe wins,,, and i just won a lot of goddamn money!
i'll make a fire for you.
you'd be willing to die a horrible death on the off chance you'd get to second base.
every time i come near him, he's gonna kick me in the head and escape with my wallet.
i swear to christ,morgan,after this case, i'm submitting your assfor psychiatric evaluation.
and i'm not gonna let you make me fucking miserable about it.
tarik. that motherfucker will eat you.
remember i know every inch of your brain.
she's a pretty little savage.
you'd fall on your face, snap your neck, and you'd die.
“maybe my aunt has balls,” ollie said.
you're a damn kid.
people die under my care every day, it goes with the damn job.
jesus, fuck it.
she owns the whole fucking building.
sherman, fuck the luggage.
louis says you live in a shit hole.
* i shake my little tush on the catwalk *
"it's not a bad dwarf accent, you buffoon.
they all die, arisio.
do you realize how much fucking coke you have here?
everybody shut up!
what the hell is it?
it's new fucking toys! come on!
hell, he's been coaching karen on how to talk to this psycho.
schools are a disgrace.
i bet you never thought your ass would be worth all that.
where do you want this shit?
no, damn recruit.
they want to re-incorporate the company, they want to meet you and they need your signature on some documents. so get your ass on the first flight back to san fransisco.
you want to see what happened to the last fucker who pissed me off?
first... take a shit.
hitting a guy with a banjo is dirty.
"boo!" he said, or "well, wait, you son of a bitch!"
harrell shut his mouth.
jack, you have stomach cancer.
she touched him once, she touched him twice, and three times with her horn; and there he fell, and where he fell, he rose a unicorn.
why the hell are you doing this to me?
i love my prostate.
you got the balls to do something like that?
did you hear the first time the bears go to thunder bay... to the garbage?
get the fuck down!
christ, what a nuisance.
dad said she looked like a dog who died when he was a little boy.
shit, yeah, lam.
then there was pete, who was still hanging around and wagging his butt and sticking out his lower lip, putting people in an icicles, and he was a regular after school three times a week, because he was angry.
woman, will you shut up!
you think you're a bad ass in your little get-up.
shit, i'm sorry.
i didn't want to shoot her.
we found bull semen on his jeans.
shit, i want pancakes.
first thing she did was bust my balls for kicking lip out.
once again, he'll blame his bitch mother for taking away what his loving father has given him, so thanks for that.
kat, i've always had you for a dick, so it's okay.
and i'll have to tidy up this shit hole before she gets here.
there's nothing wrong with fucking.
anyway, i drove to betsy's house, and i was literally about to tell her, and that's the night she said she wanted to have sex.
i don't know fuck all about them.
they don't give a shit about fantom's opera.
a sick child. and it is
he's gonna--he's gonna crawl into carl's office like--like, on his belly like a fucking snake.
get the fuck out of here.
don't look at my butt.
i'm glad you hate this place.
"busted!" ejaculated anson, with a curse, as he slammed down his cards.
they simply hit the ground dead.
shut up, tango.
when i ask you if you want dinner and you grab the bolts... i'll say, "i don't give a shit."
don't send her to us can't bear that human stink
or your balls.
the court will suck his savings.
listen! yesterday i asked you what fucking river we were on...
it rings a big frickin' gong, and i want to know who has the nerve... to be using that name.
how the hell do you think i'm doing?
send someone for skaerbaek, damn it.
i'm looking for you jackass!
two years i've done a shit on an ocean cruise ship.
i'm not having sexwith him right now.
the first one was at 'bercy and we said to ourselves we're gonna fuck paris up!
zoe, get your ass back on the line!
don't fuckin' ruin things, ok? don't do it.
i thought we were in belfast, you wee shit.
what are they doing here? son of a whore.
can we just agree that girls are dirtier than boys?
i've never met two whinier bitches in my entire life.
what the hell do you want to do with a dead mouse?
and you were suddenly so far away from that shithole town you grew up in,
you're skinny, you're hot, you're gonna pack everybody, bitch.
don't kill anyone if it's not necessary.
i'm telling you. that little prick knows what's coming.
he's always blaring that damn new wave music!
goddamn, that's sheehy and cornell.
you have no right to be so hung up on this shit.
that ashley girl is a beast!
how the fuck do i keep their respect?
oh, so this is your whorehouse, kou, cordelia managed not to blurt out.
it's so much better if he starts slicing me up, no, i'm not afraid of that...... but i'm afraid of her eyes... yes... eyes...
i may need a private citizen to help me write up this damn mess.
oh, please, just stop the torture and kill me already.
someday a real rain will come and wash this scum off the streets.
shut up.
so why don't you tell me what happens when someone decides to put this shit in the water supply?
"sören h. lindberg washing his vagina on tiananmen square"- by ernst billgren.
no one gives a shit about you, ford, we want to help you.
if you think america is the center of the dirt, it's clear you've never been to visit the sickening nation of the queen mother.
"it's what this bitch is doing, wilf," she said, "especially at war."
and a lunatic.
"don't go bad to bad people: you don't want to see them...... because their souls are full of inauthenticity...... and their mouths full of shallots."
well, who's the wuss now?
what the hell are you doing?
"shut up!" shouted gordon.
hard to believe we were once foolish enough to play around with that.
nobody could live skinned and boned like that.
it's fucking 5 g's.
in cuba with a plane full of exiles? are you crazy?
we must isolate and destroy this minorite.
he looked at her and shut up.
no, but it's not a sack of wet shit either.
i'd torture him.
"i have no doubt that i am very stupid, but i must confess that i am unable to follow you.
but that's why your book is so lousy.
he's fucked up before.
what the hell are you talking about?
seems a cop from some department, stole... $500,000 worth of coke from the property cage.... he sat on the shit for a year and a half.
you rode all the way from persia for earth and water? do not be coy or stupid, persian.
what did you tell, you pussy?
he had already given the report to his group's political members, and was eagerly waiting for them to be able to give it to these arrogant peacocks in uniform.
then your asses will never get out.
i mean, they have me for... a traitor.
and he attempted to crush her to his breast.
follow me, fat boy!
there is only blackness.
no... i think they're disgusting.
there was something of a pause before harmon finally answered: 'actually, i feel a bit of a fool.
fuck me, you can't cook!
oh, you think it's dumb we can't draw frogs?
no! no! shut up!
it was a ventrian purebred, and deserved better than the wretch who rode him.
they beat the shit out of me and tied my eyes to my grandfather's wheelchair.
borelise is a serious killer.
you're freaking me!
but please don't touch the balls.
no, you stink!
lan... has had mental problems ever since he was a kid.
hallucinations are a brain problem.
what the hell are you doing on this link?
i'm sleeping with him and he's talking to the biggest fucking organised evil bastard in manchester.
the shit was really nasty, thicker than i thought, and was almost waist-deep.
it sucks being boss, don't it?
i just can't bear your pathetic face.
lost their confidence,and immediately started sucking.
"good morning, you bastard.
when was the last time you fucked?
christian, come on, get out, we have to shoot.
i don't want either one of you, and you really missed out, because i spent a semester in france, and i do stuff american girls think is gross.
who cares about a stinking' boxing match when i got money, i got cars?
the truth is, if i knew this fucking story would separate me from timmy, maybe i wouldn't have texted her.
shannow fired, but the bullet missed the man and bounced back from the boulder, so the shooter sucked.
doesn't he look like a pussy waiting to be tipped off?
i heard you got so screwed up you cut your dog out of your will and had an ungrateful nephew put to sleep.
throw these two spies out of the castle now.
christ, my mom fed me that bullshit since the cradle.
fucking christ.
this killer, it's the same smell as the mutt in that warehouse.
shit, we only got 10 seconds!
put those men out.
"you said you wanted to sleep, and so, damn you, sleep," said he to me, when, frantic and beaten out by the heat, i came down into the fire-room.
another glittering gleam lark recognized immediately as another kind of duty, more complex and focused, though foolish.
what the fuck are you doing here?
you don't want to have sex.
yeah, well, when you got godzilla and mothra on your ass, best to get out of their way and let them fight.
remember back in college... when i was giving a blowjob to that guy... that would not take the beret off?
now, that's absolutely delightful arabic, but what the fuck is the fig orchard?
aj, damn the camera.
"cut him off," he said to the grey man, "and i'll let you live."
dude, this is fucked up.
"no way did i make her do a damn thing she didn't want to do."
these hills will kill me.
"i have heard our gay samurai will leave us soon.
laos? you know, there's a lot of sick kids in america.
my only gift is to be a monster under the bed.
just keep her stupid underwear out of my sight.
for you, count vertigo, you fool.
nice try, you little snake.
once you've electrocuted me and i'm dead, how exactly do i get to the operating table?
not the two fat ladies again.
first, you're a hundred times smarter than him, the other one, if you're not crazy, it may be that you don't care that he's got that kind of shit in his head, and, for the third time, this lump of meat that he's a surgeon, who is a surgeon, is suddenly crazy about mental illness, and that's how you brought him up with the sametov for the idea of you. "
well, i pay a fortune to save them, so i thought i could either fire them or give them to baron von gina and her ugly husband.
yes, i swear on the head of my mother and yours.
bullshit. why would i be afraid of that?
'the girl will die down there.
"rhombur vernie of ix, i'm shocked that you're getting something started with smugglers and black businessmen."
come on, mullet, you lard-ass.
sir, if you don't find the cover, you'll be dead after all.
you think these buffoons can help?
well, killing i expect, mr. mclntosh, but mutilation and torture, i cannot accept that as readily as you seem to be able to.
of course, damn zarek.
they were laughing in our fucking faces.
you're nothing but full of shit and a badge!
you're an alcoholic.
that crappy tv you bought eric blew up in front of all of his friends.
damn it man, i am a doctor, not physicist.
it wasn't just buckner. stanley screwed him.
i'm sorry that women might have to deal with a few drops of urine on their asses, but it's much better than letting the government in the toilet, right?
was dad that much a loser when you guys got married?
when i film, before rolling, i shoot it, so the eyes are always open.
it belonged to that white man, that awful white man!
that's why i didn't want to tell you about the campaign, because i knew you'd be crazy.
you know what? if you're so goddamn smart, what are you doing here?
i need you, someone with tricks and shit.
gly seemed determined to kill him with his bare hands.
mother, you are going to make him sick.
he's just a corpse.
you know, i'm the product of this fucking and damn america... i think i could have had a worse family life if i was born in another country... depressed.
you piece of shit, get me out, you intimidate other people for their physical differences.
he's going to fry.
what he should do is have his sperm analyzed.
'we'll kill no-one!' said jaim grymauch.
i heard an idiot ruined an ancient translation.
danny, what the hell are you doing?
okay, look, before closing the door on your face, because i know you're crazy, and you probably don't want me here right now,
who did you fuck this time?
they made jokes about the account of the kids they collected, they were talking about them as dirty puppies.
the person identified as the biggest loser in the history of mankind has finally reached out to old coach field and hit the black one.
we all agree we'd be far better off without the fucking boss of it all,
piece of shit, except i need an idea.
the fucking watchers must have played with my jets. "
you could sue the shit out ofher, you know that?
if you buy one piece of pussy at the regular price... you'il get another piece of pussy of equal or lesser value for only a penny.
i could do him different things inside my head, change his form in his thoughts, so he would kneel on what he would think were his knees, and he would have begged me to turn him into a frog... if i were an evil witch.
and carrie with faraway, dumb reproach:
do we allow fools to be ruled by us?
yeah, once the route's locked down, but that shit takes time; you guys know that.
i do hate a bad loser.
you see today... the footage taken of officer hank rafferty...... as he was brutally beating an unknown black man.
(chuckles) fucking earned that. don't forget that.
i shall eat their hearts!"shouted moraeulf, dropping james.
so about 10:30, the streets are gonna be lined... ...with brokenhearted bitches looking for a ride home.
your body must be dying for the wild.
what are these assholes playing at?
you married, you had kids, none of this crap like an erotic line or online sex.
she's gonna have a heart attack.
'i don't have any experience, 'said gilad, and he knew it was pathetic.
if i threw up on you, you'd be pissed.
to madonna, a great woman who will never become a vile mummy with birds like appendages!
nigger never came to look at me.
how could you kill him, jack? how could you do it?
you sick, momma?
'he was here before this fucking shit-house was built, you know that.'
the pants are completely screwed.
i hit my head a lot trying to figure out who was the bastard who gave aino my picture with dulse.
you've always been weak, frank.
he's going to let us burn!
look, sid, if there's a fucked-up nut...... who wants to walk in billy loomis's footsteps, you probably know him.
why the hell can't you stay out of my personal life?
don't lose the money, goddamn it!
we should have just blown up the drugs.
"rotten little bounder too!" he said savagely.
"you're a pussy, my dear,"
cam, don't be such a sucker.
a stoolie who rats... on his own friends.
you ask questions about the factory, you'll wind up dead.
we're going to face scheduled medical exams for the rest of our lives, not to mention the occasional surprise exam, but look at the upside — they're gonna catch your ass-cancer wicked early.'
you fucking lied to me.
somebody who hires hookers.
i ask you for help for a sick woman and you want a kiss from me?
i hoped you would cry out in your sleep, so i could bite off your head.
in it, some terrible creature had been coming for his mother — a dwarfish monstrosity with misplaced eyes and rotting, cheesy skin.
i'm gonna take this fucking thing,i'll put it through the window... ...and me and my buddy cheswick are gonna go out through the hall... ...downtown,sit down in a bar,wet our whistles... ...and watch the ball game.
"he's one big nipple," said sour billy tipton.
yeah, i know this is bullshit.
those suckers hate me.
you had a free ride and you fucking blew it.
darn, i was really looking forward to watching this.
damn smart.
they are usually pathetic men.
he has to place a bomb in a cellar to blow it up.
yours was to have sex with the entire madrid soccer team.
ira-- they love to blow up shit.
i don't give a damn about europe!
i was fucking ready!
we did some illegal shit and we both got caught.
you wanted to be as depraved as possible.
my amazing team will kill me.
news for you, gents, this neck of desert, when they capture soldiers, not just the women get raped.
thinking of fucking me in a tiffany music video?
i think they'll drink blood.
if paulie found out he was taking jimmy with me in those drugs, he'd shoot me before he killed me.
i try to smoke them to death to get their honey, but they keep going in the hoses, stabbing me... in the face, and i think i just swallowed one.
a night spent in a society of sanctimonious assholes who don't like me?
eart hickey went into a gay shop and bought me a shirt.
you're going to go fucking do your thing - and this is it.
i need a song to shake my butt.
but if he starts to doubt himself, it's an end, for him, for a clever little bastard, for all of us.
"rot you, woman, i don't want you–you're not the one i want.
i'm fucking outta here.
there's this biker chick that andy wants to fuck and a guy named chess.
you should have alzheimer's.
i'll stop giving you shit about osborne if you put that one on.
the fat panda can't be able to solve our problem.
hit it with a hammer, boy!
you better pray that if william ends up with me... he will have the energy... and determination to destroy a dick like you!
you wanna win your fucking war?
he's crazy!
you know, "i don't want you on your neck, i'm taking my fifty dollars." "
what, i make you tap some bimbo, looks like a young maggie? i make you flaunt that shit?
i didn't want to say anything, but depiling your chest... it's for fags.
he's friends with the fuck.
you are both filthy old men!
no freaking way you get to judge us or give relationship advice.
with huge fucking luck, we could be ready to go.
shameful criminals...... cash and tango.
or maybe, "this bed is marriage-pig."
and you've also been commuting every weekend, and you let the associates raise your blood pressure. - it's because they're stupid.
but then, when the cops got there, patrick screwed up.
but if she stayed there, she would be a prostitute.
the apartment bullshit sweetheart!
get the fuck out of here!
what the hell is going on?
get on your fuckin' knees!
i don't give a damn if it's the father or the mother, but somebody has to stay their ass at home.
so obviously there's a part of you that still gives a crap.
the one in insomnia is a lunatic who falls under the power of the crimson king.
roger, even at his most paranoid, was too smart to buy into any of that conspiracy-theory crap.
do not fuck up again!
you are lucky to be alive, you dumb idiot!
i wonder if they gotta take a shit too.
police! get someone over here right fucking now.
you're useless in bed.
"why don't they rebel and drive the grolims out?"
hard as that is... where your reckless fucking has gotten you...
"you disgust me for so many reasons."
well... when i got home, i started taking long walks at night on the beach, and... met some crazy ass surfers...
i mean...... how could i say no to such a nice puss like you?
as you rummaged in that junk in the water, unwashed, illiterate, product of the decline of civilization - and just as i was floating around.
get this silly bottle out of here!
you should really wax your fanny with those, though.
this is evil ali.
you're gonna need a gun.
at my mom's house, it smells like pedophile.
if not for a dumb beast's incomprehension at its own destruction beneath the loving hands of two heartbroken children.
she's now selling me to that old monster
shut it off, landon.
big, but normal pig.
explain what? why you mick bastards... ...are selling guns to the piece of shit that blew me up?
damn it, you can't do this.
duncan, you don't have to play shrink to protect your pride. i accept. you're chicken.
but fuck it, we're parents, right?
what a liar.
the cao traitor is dead!
you're so bad.
i baked stupid butter cookies so we could get away with whatever the hell we wanted, what do you do?!
vivian's a liar.
you want to know my first memory of you? if this is dirty, mac...
what the hell are they?
he's a thief.
he treated us like dirt.
and the difference, the thing that had gone out of the stinking mexican bandit, was greater than all mexico.
so is it true that you told henry that the only reason we hooked up is because you're a lazy dater?
like an ape? do you consider yourself a painter, or a black painter?
i sent her to hell, hanna.
no one was crazier than he was.
rourke was a killer.
get down on your knees and open your mouth.
will someone explain to me why, on the worst day of my life, my coffee tastes like shit?!
oh, yeah, man. we could be sitting, like -- you know, let me slip into something a little more comfortable, and then, uh, you know, we could, uh, we could talk about shit.
loaded cheats
then wakefield takes him to the cannery, instead of killing him because... he's what he is.
"hey, doll face, your dad trampled all over my civil liberties. "you wanna make out with me?"
that sucks, man.
the vomit is a perfect match with justin.
goddamn.
yeah, but i suck at it.
who the hell do you think you are?
do i want to go to bed with a terrorist?
bitch, you can't do this!
consignment means shit be mine and if y'all sell it, y'all break me off a piece.
what the hell is that?
nothing happened to the dog, but the lady was crazy.
voot's greasy, flea-infested, diseased, mangy beard.
because i've had sex with a baroness, a marquise, a vicomtesse, the two princess sisters, um, a duchess--
not only a thief, a juarista.
fire all the lower phasers.
does he think they made you some rug rats?
yellow, yellow, dirty fellow.
you're the ultimate predator.
even at a dime a fuck.
who gives a shit about a chicken?
it's written by english kings and shit!
level one howard is an animal, but he's a caged animal.
i got him the job, which i'm regretting now that he's being a royal pain in the ass.
i'm living in a dream, and if my parents don't give a shit, they can call my new publicists.
she had dreamed of a big, angry, arrogant free-thinker.
"that's a shitty picture of me."
presumably so that he could watch them die slowly.
uh, gardeners, non-husband's daughter, less bitching, more live music.
he watched what jacobs selects: a stunning collection of garbage.
yeah, randy, the limp guy, the butthole...
first you have to say a couple of times you don't look so horny.
murderer don't forget you're standing on a bomb too ashamed to admit that you were really responsible for killing lex luthor.
because he's psychic, stupid.
no sex with your wife.
if you go through this course, you will become a mental weapon.
what the hell, it was time to go for broke, get this over with.
you whores seen a couple of kids snooping around here?
she's seen me fuck plenty of guys.
hey, little trash, why are you always smiling all the time, huh?
i'll tell you what, you can choose what parts of my body to get rid of you first.
no, mitchell is a killer from box tunnel.
the whole family scandal was so ridiculous.
you can't have a world without death, david.
i was quite familiar with the banal mansions of hooker.
what the fuck do you mean?
this is what you used to kill david zale.
he's also a little nuts, isn't he?
riley, removing your uterus and ovaries - is an elective surgery.
money's for one-niner shit only.
you know, if you could just do what we want you to do, you'd have to sleep at home tonight, and you don't wear pussies to shorts.
"i won't tolerate any losers.
we have another demon to be disposed of.
only the scumbags until i save $100,000.
"i'll fucking suck him today."
most children die and go to heaven.
you are a birth assassin.always it you have been, and you will always be it.
you think ulyanov will kill them straightaway, sir?
he had made his name as a comedian, but this shit here? this wasn't funny.
you're liars.
don't get ahead of yourself chump.
she sucked him and blew his candle out.
okay, i'll shut up.
who else has seen this shit?
'however wise, the troll-gods might be able to convince the troll-gods that cyrgon will be able to reach for reinforcements once he realizes that the trolls are already more deceived by his disgusting.'
if that's what you think, you are naive... or ignorant... or i don't know what.
why take my balls?
"any idea where these pigs could be located?" tristan asked.
that is one big damn tree.
i don't give a damn what philadelphia wants.
trust me, it'll slay 'em.
you're making me do the whole fucking thing.
fucking all day we've sat and listened to him.
i'll give you lots and lots of bones.
you rascal.
what the fuck's spiro gonna do when he finds out about this?
my father is certainly insane. "
if you don't know how to lie, shut up!
so tell me! what the fuck does it have to do with mutilation homicide?!
it helps lovely tourists, such as yourself... ...loosen up without impairing your ability to stay awake... ...and have guilt-free, vigorous sex with me.
what the fuck do you want me to do?
if you were the same as that horse, with a lack of oxygen, there would be a mental disability.
forget this shit.
and the other side is just as rotten.
you have to lower the water to the bowl, or you'll have to put your balls in.
'cause at least she has something else to talk about besides sex. goddamn.
if you...... strike me one punch...... i'll bow and call you the master.
make bloody sure tom don't fire at me.
you think that i enjoy spending my time with vermin like him?
it's a real memory hog.
god, i wish i could just put some of this shit in prison.
and the vernacular of mankind for such a monster... is death!
you don't respect any shit i do.
i'm afraid the fat guy is right.
afraid enough to kill.
i mean, he's a devil, but he's not crazy enough for this.
if i don't come with this piece of ice by nightfall, i'll knock you all out!
as long as your mother is ill, i'm responsible for you.
she invited him in, at least for a minute, so it didn't look as silly as it was on her own in the dark.
you picked a shitty time to get into commercial real estate, and now you're under water.
it kind of stinks.
that's the dumbest advice i've ever heard.
god damn it, those kids saw us! and you let them get away!
yeah, we should talk about all the chick shit you decked out my house in.
you're not human.
and he busted his butt for you.
so that makes it impossible to forget him, which is great for him but sucks for you.
like a dumb animal!
their puss arrived with a wet night air to clark, a powerful, stomach-irritating smell of dirt, advanced decomposition and rotting flesh.
and maybe they're rotten.
if i had a nickel for every cigarette... your mom smoked, i'd be dead.
you don't see too many topless virgins.
by the time they knocked on ansel magee's door they looked like drowned rats.
no, dad, i'm searing them.
get caught with a gun and he'll chop your head off.
fuck off, clough.
a dwarf's cock has magic powers.
but my grandmother did refer to a broken beer bottle once... ...as a nigger knife.
everybody's parents fucked them up.
it could be a very rare prime, something like a parasite.
damn it, dex, you don't have a code.
what the fuck are you doing?
the moral of the lesson is that real friends should always have a... errr roast for 20 minutes in the oven at 250 st.c that's rubbish.
and you're crazy because you're so competitive.
oh, fuck.
i will concede that point. ray: damn it.
i spent two fucking years in the joint.
i don't need this crap.
you proved she had a damn good reason to hide
how come every time a hard-working chinese man open a business some smelly japanese dog tries to come and invade him.
is everybody supposed to feel sorry because you're in a fucking wheelchair?
ask me about my penis!
yeah, i'll crush their systems.
it must be hard to find a girl who can take a punch nowadays.
i'm sorry, fool.
and this is what you're afraid of, moron?
even a disgusting dr.
weak and helpless like you.
aunt ida, you know i fuck women.
this first time, i can go four ounces of rock. but hey, if the shit is right, then next time i can step that up.
how was i supposed to know they'd invite fucking vampires to their barbecue?
i beg you give me two pound to go to chicken world, fam. that's disgusting.
come on, that shit ain't funny.
i feel really fucking betrayed and played.
you shitting me?
then he called me one of them "garbage people".
but i'm telling you...... it's not a game, i've figured it out, and i'm not gonna put up with this shit in my house.
you know, telling fucked-up things to kids is always funny.
how about damage to her spinal cord blocking the signals from her genitals?
y'all, shut up.
they are evil people.
shit, nothing!
i can't see into your fucking soul, brody!
put her in a protective suit, you'll detonate the bomb.
i'm sick of it, his arrogance is my blood!
this forced elysse to cancel their partnership so that amy could go out on her own after winning against twins ortiz, who reportedly... i say, "allegedly..." may or may not have stolen the research from kneisha, which forced her to exchange projects so she could re-engage with tim, silas, and a girl known as "robot pussy."
after how that bitch treated you? fuck her.
we'll fucking get them this time.
i can fool this damn thing five times in six.
what the hell is cerino doing?
come on, shoot.
messed him up like he was dog meat.
i thought, "will i kill myself or him?"
damn, i heard she was dead, but maybe this is her big comeback.
eliminate that sniper now.
if you wanna hang this jury, go ahead.
your pretty little pet-woman, or your crazy queen?
'cause he wants to have sex with you on a beach.
before i got married, i was living with one crazy artist.
fuck! - take care of our baby, donny!
"spoken like a true bean-counter," the troll sneered.
i'll mark it, somewhere between killing demons and training for your midwife.
on the right, draw your swords! -kill.
steve withhose balls hanging on the edge of the disk.
i'm lucky as a pig, baby.
who did you think it was, that irish thug?
why didn't they shoot you?
oh, shit, stan, i'm looking for you all over the house.
and i'm not gonna do this shit again.
and every year, he will come back from somewhere sharp and shiny, and stab him in the heart.
a little bit of this shit.
the first time i'll see a man die.
i guess i just got tired of hearing a $15 billion poem about my mom's pussy.
beatrice, already dressed like a ghost in her white negroes, got the lead color.
it's terrible. they're jewish... but they don't believe in god, just stalin.
holy shit. it's the pope.
if you think you're going to play one of your games, you are crazy!
you know, you're a little fat.
i just think my friends could have a problem with you trying to kill yourself, that's all.
he could be suffocated.
after was all gendarmes and dick stitches.
perhaps at the next moment, bolgani will turn into a rat-headed rat!
then he waited at the door until the jerk came.
bagels, cars, balloons, tits.
who's your pathetic musician?
where's your stupid tape?
and if there is a hell and those sons of bitches are from it... then there has got to be a heaven, jacob, there's gotta be.
nothing is random, jerome.
suren and i have to hunt down every last one of you.
the us can be errantly liked to a powerfully-built... ...but retarded child, potentially dangerous... ...but young, immature and easily manipulated.
either way, you suck, and i want someone else.
it's like your dad's out of your mind.
asses burnt to a cinder.
but for your sake you better hope you can pull some magic out of your ass or you'll be running tour for the rest of the year.
i need to see inside your sex to paint you.
you screwed me, junior.
i still had the seecamp naked in my hand.
the other one was some slut i met on the pier a couple miles from here.
yo, ashley. damn, you look beautiful.
you're nuts. yeah, that's what they say.
i can always tell by the butt.
cristela said cheerleaders are assholes.
is he trying to get out of this shit?
as your friend, i'm asking you and i'm begging you to fucking stop.
uncle kolya points the gun at him: "i'll kill you".
you do realize you're in deep shit.
you're terrible!
can you shut up?
what the hell are you doing?
because i don't want to be gay.
come upstairs with me please what the fuck is this? a local t.v people people, please stay here o_0..yeah of course..and if you want we sleep here¬¬
each time their eyes searched for their fanny among the living of their loved ones, but they returned.
you better watch your little filthy mouth.
kids grow up in crap.
go to canada and live with a fucking moose?
ten years later, i couldn't say "suck."
holy shit.
he's a bully, inspector, but i don't believe he's a killer.
this shit startedhappening when we switched to water!
fuck the law ! i don't care if the gun company gave that guy an m-16 with his morning donut.
fuck, it's my parents!
tell me, which lunatic asylum did they get you out of?
what the hell were you doing?
i'll tell him to make love to you.
just watch the hot woman get naked!
he will be killed by his hand, and that will be their only real intimate moment.
your ma told you you were a pimp.
shit, that was a year ago.
stay away from people like me.
it's my fault they're dead.
now stop the damn train.
wayne may be dead for jsoc.
the only ones here are dead!
same shit happened to me every fuckin' time.
up until i was 25, i thought the only response to "i love you" was "oh, crap."
isn't that the wacko poison that reese used on them arab kids?
cunt killed your wife?
death will come to all of us.
"they both had sick udders.
what the hell is this country coming to?
you don't know who the hell i am.
like this is a foolish piece, but, you know, it's just a piece.
are you a midget?
he's about to go on this stupid hot-air balloon... around-the-world expedition.
oh, damn my eyes!
'maybe, but he remembers who he is, who he was with, shit like that.
you also called richie's boyfriend a truvada whore.
do you remember crowley saying that he hated dick?
and a clown. no one believed him.
you're always lying and cheating.
fucking don't leave me here!
the next time you find yourself at the heart of the city... ...stay put, be brave, keep shooting.
waiting to kill her?
who said i was a slut?
deirdre was a thief.
the word itself makes some men uncomfortable. vagina.
and you goddamn barrayaran thieves stick together all right.
you and lucas and beauvoir are keeping my ass on ice for something, aren’t you?
i'll knock him out.
guys, it's bar...... man, my favorite unspoken, cursed person in the world.
i thought they were ridiculous little men looking for mothers.
it's selfish and lazy.
i could not let you fools ruin its terrific bargains!
oh, baby, take the bottle, you're a paedophile!
i'll die for her.
i don't see how you can eat this shit, brittan.
shut up. i'm not the one who practices kissing with a stuffed dolphin.
he knows that you have saved his team's ass plenty of times.
something with its claws struck him, and in depth, roughly in the center of his back, he cut down, over the right half of his butt.
the hot water evaporates faster, so the shit gets rid of the water...
this happens every fucking time when i go shopping!
it is a shitstorm here, but the d.e.a. supplied the information and was part of the sting.
you want a fag?
why are you wearing these ridiculous clothes?
what's stupid is what you said about you and brenda.
come let's find ourselves another sucker.
ghoul gang killers.
well, i'll fucking take care of that, i guess.
you sit your ass on the daily sheet...... and your feet are moving dangerously hard?
is your sister hot?
"this time he didn't even bother with the usual dumb remarks.
a by-product of kicking ass in the german cinema, no doubt.
this guy is crazy. he can't blame him for what he's doing.
"did i go through all this to watch you fuck up again?"
god, could that dopey girl dance.
so he shot him first, and then two weeks later he cut him to death?
they found chairman ma's body and brought it to the station. you idiot!
those cia liars faked my death.
our great president is murdered by the tutsi cockroaches.
shut up, donkey.
harding shook his head in disbelief at such a dumb question.
do you have any of this shit?
i say a lot of stupid things, you know? - yeah.
killing a duck sucks.
he needs you because you screwed up.
there is shit else we can do for this woman.
i'll give you 24 hours to deliver that witch to me.
because dogs love your insides.
he's always here and shit.
"fucking harassment," he said.
washed her.
if i was 25 and liked cock, we could be something. oi.
a man destroyed god.
and watch out. those goddam monkeys will bite you, i'll tell you.
even in my damn city, it's a beautiful place to find god.
we're all gonna get blown to bits!
who but spartacus could best their fucking champion?
you advise them gently in that direction, they'll give you their whole damn life savings.
what the hell you doing, navy seal?
not even a pain-in-the-neck like you.
and like a flaming dipshit you believed her, dumped your jock boyfriend... ditched town and moved to hollywood to have a crack at fame and fortune. am i missing anything?
that is the woman who is tempting to destroy my life.
like a volatile jew.
"don't you like the sex, jackson?"
you must be starved.
she's a little crazy.
i cut the dickens out of my finger.
and this ridiculous belly.
poor bugger.
a little hypocritical of you to lecture him on revenge, don't you think?
first fucking mission as team leader.
if he doesn't die before i do.
i'm sick of this shit, all of it.
that other cheerleader was awful.
over what? what, you kill his dog or something?
she didn't remember seeing a kid cough up a piece of trash at once.
ghost gonna kill my-- he like his plain or with onions?
you came to fight with a fool, but instead you met god!
whatever you decide to get into after this, forget writing because you could not make up a story to save your fucking life.
and what i can do... what i will do... if you don't shut up!
cullen bohannon... the man they want to hang.
i have no problem believing that this spoiled brat sexually assaulted kendra, but what does this have to do with larry mcphee's murder?
she never regretted her “foolishness” at connie corleone’s wedding.
i shoot you with 50,000 volts which may cause respiratory failure, organ malfunction, internal burns, and loss of bowel and bladder control.
crossing the border with hash on you, you fucking idiot!
"shit happens ." please .
the real anger, the suffocating grief...... your parents are causing...... like poison in your veins.
if i had moved to the left, the mutant would have killed me.
and hit them for a change.
who the fuck do you think you are?
islam and most of the kyrgyz are the dominant religions in the area, and the majority of the kyrgyz are the sunni momums of shame.
no! it is clang, the high priest, who is filthy in his ways.
it's a damn shame too.
jesus, boone, you're running around like a turkey, 'cause some moron wants to paint you.
shit! you gotta clean the blood off, man.
i never imagined that he'd kill her.
sometimes something big comes up so you can see how much you fucked up.
white trash?
really, you black?
and because of some of that shit, i'm gonna need to take off a couple days. fine.
what the hell are you talking about?
he's my mental animal.
damn, you guys thought of everything.
"never a fool, miss wednesbury, and never hateful.
i removed the weapon, extended it and shot it into the ground at his feet.
he was jealous that you were fucking pierre.
you'll marry my son francis and accept our nation's support, as you and your new husband, lay claim to england. or i will execute my son,
just 'cause you go into faggy-apology mode doesn't mean i'm gonna forgive you right away!
i don't care if you set me on fire or yell and scream... and talk about your dog or watch me while i piss! i don't care!
i'm in eel marsh house among all mrs drablow's rubbish.
the boy has a sick mother.
i want a little goddamn appreciation.
i can't wait for you to meet assface.
now, this shit is all rihht. uh-huh , sound effects could be a little bit louder when a brother hit.
we went to interview him and that man... he wanted to commit suicide.
i'm sick of ending up in garbage.
i'd like to bury her head at home, and he left it, but renee really matters, and it's important.
there's some ridiculous accessories.
reached right out of heaven... and you pulled my butt out of the fire.
now, let the whole damn city hear it!
you came to make sure you didn't suck the candy.
i can shoot, agent.
i'm worried that she's gonna guilt him into not having sex with me again, because the sex is really good.
what the hell?
damn, i should have tried it first.
we're maggots!
pinelli and i were on friendly terms. - liar!
you're gonna blow yourself up.
has anyone told you, mahoney, that you're still a little pissant?
you don't care, as long as they feed you and clean up your shit.
damn, it's you.
i'm a journalist, not some damn action hero.
i'm not gonna ask you again. but if you don't tell me what i need to know, - you're gonna die!
get the fuck out of here.
but don't try to kidnap me, 'cause my uncle's in the mafia, and he'll let you find him and kill you.
you're like a nun.
then all of a sudden, as if from a clear sky, as if he had been hurled by a broken god, he would strike the unmanned aircraft and kill them all.
"pufta you scum, you've sold out the fans".
"the whole world knows nothing will make an englishman shit quicker than the sight of george washington."
what he wants to do is hang will's head on the wall. - he'll go to the judge's orders, ordering him to answer.
i almost killed him.
we've to go and get head-fucked by a guy called doug. who's doug?
you was hard, and you was nasty and you had this cast-iron jaw.
you don't pick up your gun, but you don't mind blowing up people, you don't mind?
i'm telling you the truth,your fucking assholes!
common sense was urging a different man to be left in peace with his eccentricities, but there was a deeper instinct not to let the impression of the foolish letter subside.
they're all freaks!
what the hell?
so the freakish demon used to be a great boar.
let me out, damn it!
wait, in the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy, isn't 43 the answer to the question of life, the universe, and everything? that's 42, dumb-ass.
i'm not sitting around here all fucking day, man.
"wellington stupido."
just be glad you didn't lose your virginity in the back seat of a rental car.
you leave her alone or i'll cut you off, and it won't be an ear.
pretty screwed.
asmall dick's like a disability, man!
smoking hot, horny.
yeah, maybe i will... ...and then maybe i'll just use your thick skull and knock a hole in the wall.
i hear twenty stupid ideas a day.
you know, i thought he was a loser before he started dating haddie.
i don't know. it's a little fucked up or something.
you should pick up whoever tried to kill my brother and not take the blood.
we went guerrilla warfare on their asses and wiped them out over a 4-day fight, but we're not just talking about guerreras now.
throw them out.
i like you better when you're shutting up.
well, anything would sound ridiculous if you said it in that voice.
i was completely useless.
kill him before he could kill you?
she ain't never gonna hear it from your fucking lips anyhow.
it's mostly dumb luck, though.
you want to spend the rest of your life knowing dean winchester's on your ass? 'cause i don't.
"this," said lady sandra fowler blaine, "is a c-l worm.
knock me off my horse!
women tend to be unstable.
the old boy was such a fool with anything technical.
and a black man?
not just scavengers like this one, but brachiators like you.
and in your spineless, pathetic way that's as much as you can give me.
"i mean...he thought he fucking wasmaxwell demon in the end, you know?"
"it was just a stupid joke!"
you got balls talking about forgiveness.
what the hell?
i told him to die.
and don't call me an asshole.
god damn him!
shut up, fucko!
while marion was watching, from the shadows. you had sex with this girl in front of marion? yes.
it's not your fault. you're ill.
normally, i'd be flattered, but seriously, who would want to go out with someone who spends half her life with a finger in a dog's butt?
shooting through your friends to hit the target is a delicate thing.
one insect among seven billion! - shut up!
i never told you to beat her with an axe.
if you lie, we'll punish you.
holoubek amplified the television, smacking sandy's socks in his balls and stuffed one in each of the couple's mouth.
but it's difficult for me to trust someone when he tried to kill you four times.
that's pathetic, mr. colborne.
what do you think of this twisted garbage?
you're a super cop and you have no memory
that she has to die
if those birds hadn't been so stupid, so incapable of learning that human beings were dangerous, the first settlers would almost certainly have starved to death.
maybe he's just happy to see a girl with a sack of meat.
intel says every second saturday, the marines do maneuvers, so there's not gonna be any of those assholes out there.
all right, let's strip him.
time for you fools to join my book club.
"curse"!
i used to feel that when i used to fuck that fat old lady when we were staying at the silver state.
what's your bloody name?
that's our fucking gun.
ella, you're a disgrace to us.
i'll fuck you up!
"goddamn," kim said.
he sucked me.
sam's your ex-husband, and addison is probably up there right now, screwing him. shh.
the casualty is priority one, and the passenger is non-fucking-compliant!
i'm not afraid to die.
country thief asking to die?
sheriff, thank you for being such a damn good detective.
a shot for anyone who recognizes me or any of my poems.
when you set out for this creature, you will die, a living death, or a diseased submission to him.
that's the dumbest idea yet.
fuck! why you got to take it to that place?
'you've lost your mind,' kalam said in a quiet voice, barely audible above the seas.
at least you won't be running out of your nose like a drunken irishman! "
man, woman, bottom, top... sex is this big buffet, and you're just a fat man with a fork, but as you get older, it's harder to get a fork.
if you need me upstairs for a reason, shoot several times into the water.
"it's a crime killing another vampire, whoever did it.
i'm sorry, older women are a little more ridiculous.
isn't it a little late to be hypocritical at this game?
and ifyou try to eat my face off, or take over my body, you're gonna be very sorry, mister.
i know everyone thinks i'm a screwup.
if there is a hell, sir, my father's in it... and he is looking up right now and he is laughing his ass off.
she's urinating on herself.
i always like a little pussy after lunch.
i don’t wanna hear old sad bastard music, barry.
another fucking one, another one.
now, i want you to remember... that no bastard ever won a war... by dying for his country.
you think i got this far without looking at my own damn tea leaves, huh?
and thanks to my friendship with the mayor, i get to be on her case. i would be happy to let you spank me.
"fucking god, eh?" he said to the room.
give me a spinal needle.
how the hell do you want me to get the weapons for you?
i can see why this fat bastard wants to escape, he thought to himself, but what am i after him?
don't. don't you fucking move.
hey, that's my stuff, dummy!
'hail, gaines, you bastard!
burn! burn to ashes
taking your boys, that shit's rough.
yeah, someone punched her in the head, and it exploded on her skull.
you are condemned to stay with her, and you will die.
and yours is dead.
and you're not answering your phone and you're forgetting about everyone who's fucking it up here.
you're too nerdy.
an elephant could take a shit in the back seat,
each river and bellies welcome to the home of the royal, red, proud, occipital, who portray themselves in cans and pre-cooking, dealing with local locals, while others play cards and gossip on their asses all day.
how can you fight a war in this shit?
are you crazy?
if i can protect you and catch a cop killer, it's worth risking your own neck.
dude, you know where we can score any v-juice? - gross.
you saying i can't shoot them?
who let me die.
they cannae be killed!
and i'm finding that pretty fuckin' hilarious, qualen.
chicago police department thinks you're a cop killer!
the smartest career move you could make would be to get the fuck out of my way.
will you shut up?!
"you're no better than that ogre!" hissed the centurion.
success will mean promotion, pay raise. i guaran-fucking-tee it.
especially me, 'cause i don't like being made an idiot.
just shut up! it isn't what you think.
according to you, i'm a loser.
fucking winning name. get on up here, bud.
eventually she went down to the cocktail lounge, sat at the bar, and ordered a beer-a dangerous move for someone with her pathetic tolerance for alcohol.
and if she returns to that jerk?
crap, what is it?
don't make a scene in front of these rats.
they got my back against the wall and my dick is in the dust
dirty passageways are full of begging carrots, half-naked prostitutes and drug dealers, all of which are bathed in the eerie glow of bare bulbs dangling from exposed wires along the stone walls.
they're to be executed?
i want to come and look for daddy, too.
plus, your technique... is a little lazy.
i think i made my balls debuted.
i can't believe i got this shit.
come on nigger, back up.
i want the state police driving through the streets on their damn loudspeakers.
we ate our food from crazy scientists and broke into a meth lab on the same day.
steve, these suckers want to eat me.
yeah, i burned you with the panties again!
if you'll hunt an' kill with me, i'll keep you right and you'll get your meat.
insert moronic sports metaphor here.
doug, watching you tonight was like watching a bunch of fucking birds flying in a.
now i'm just sorry i didn't stab him.
hey hey, man, you see him, tell him i've got some really good shit, okay?
he could be a black guy or a hisa.
he was sniffing my hair for sex education.
what do you want with an old wreck like me?
oh, that horrible brute.
close the fucking door!
not even on the billboards, not even the store, not even on the stupid flyer.
how the hell can you put up with her, john?
you are impossible.
we gotta get the fuck out of here!
no one fucked her.
and sometimes i wonder if my social anxiety is holding me back from meeting the people who would actually be right for me instead of a bunch of fucking whiny nothings as friends.
the fucking guard told me, and it's not sympathetic.
shut up!
i was... my fuckin'... this week's been crazy.
simply put, she has never seen such an ugly face.
you can hide, but the same shit's gonna be here when you come back.
who don't give a damn about what other people say 'cause they don't give a rat's ass.
are you really that ignorant?
you're not the first to ever throw me in the trash, but i swear that you will be the las...
guess how many fags came to yesterday's reopening of babylon?
josh, ray is evil.
you just need something else to suck on
personified, in this case, by a horrible cunt:
that shit is crazy.
you tell me you don't wanna get back at this asshole, and i'll drop it.
you screwed up!
tell him to piss off.
don't come running to me when it busts out your ribcage.
what the hell are you doing?
he's killing you.
and while she is sucking on your cock, your government expels 40,000 asylum seekers.
spread your thighs.
because papa will skin him alive.
tommy, you're too skinny.
*ruffians, thugs, poison ivy, quicksand.*
in the sink, damn it.
your proximity to these three murders was too much of a coincidence and i smelt, as you say, the rat.
i think their leader, ser galen, was a half-fool himself. "
and yet you still managed to fuck the majority of my friends, one in my own bed, no less.
from that coward with his shoes on!
how do you want to burn them all?
sam, where's my sex buzz?
"painless potter: stupid."
a bunch of kids, tall and healthy, all the way up to you who whispered mutante. he's got an ass on his butt or on his hard-headed head.
when we take him to the hospital, he orders bunchy to shoot him.
why is it the second you start treating girls like crap, they can't keep their clothes on?
"you could spank her," beldin suggested.
okay, i'll shoot.
because we all want to be the best damn packers there are!
get off of me!
you'd better get the damn shield up!
shut up, kid.
your skirt is ridiculous.
he will bleed to death before you get him out of here.
we'll report you, you dogs!
no, i got a goddamned plan.
he was our bastard.
tear him up, throw him out.
you may have made her crazy, archibald, but i know exactly what you want.
are you sure he's not a midget with a learning disability?
what the hell was that?
hell be here soon with his police and his rusty guns.
shut up, you guys!
the only reason i ever laughed at your jokes was to get pussy.
michael, i want you to drop that knife right now.
alibaba, you old dog. i found it.
i don't want to hear this shit.
and i've seen this movie a thousand times, but for some reason this time, that moment made me go, "oh, shit!"
so he'll kill again.
what the hell do they put on those darts? damn.
they'll beat him to death.
words like "madam" or "jerk."
i met the damn devil today in the form of a child.
how pathetic is that?
all that tankado's bullshit about an inseparable algorithm... the auction of the key-- it was all just an act, a charade.
i don't fucking believe it.
oh, of course, you're a faculty brat. - mmm-hmm.
i'm gonna pretend i never saw this. 'cause i really don't want to shit.
he's gonna fucking jump!
you're gonna throw out 20000 for any fool in this team?
you can even lay a goddamn pipeline and no-one would bat an eye.
go on, finish him off.
yeah, fuck me?
you're creepy, man.
"i'd say you've gotten infected from those street bitches like you were in baton rouge last time."
yeah, if we're gonna be here all day, we can at least open the damn...
they're fucking some photos i found by the stone house.
it's a jellyfish, you fucker!
we don't want americans around here.
she's gorgeous. - shut up.
i've been wanting to pop my lieutenant in that beak of hers for years.
as the smoke slowly rose to the ceiling, summers huddled in the corner of the room as if he had just run into a complete lunatic - i suppose i was.
show me your tongue.
kill their families.
i wanted to kiss you, but i should've punched you.
are you trying to tell me you didn't pull any dumb stuff in your youth?
mcgee...... you and i grab our asses.
i mean, like fucked-
everything is useless.
get off me!
look, i'm gonna take him off the ventilator, and john henry's going to die.
if it's useless, i'll cut it off and throw it away.
uh, more like the guy who didn't get any girls in high school so now you bang as many chicks as humanly possible so you can convince yourself that you're not that sad, little dork who none of the girls liked.
don't worry, monkey. it's okay.
all right, so let them beat you up.
"hey, danny," marino went on, "you ever eat shit like kidneys and gizzards since you started working here?"
they looked, actually, rather ridiculous, since nearly all of them were dressed in the style of a bygone day, and nothing is more ridiculous than the fashions of yesterday - though in another thirty years or so their charm may have reappeared, or at any rate be once more apparent.
to do this, i must first destroy the nordic army.
we just took the stuff! - we killed him!
why is he useless?
fuck, they call the cops.
now you're paranoid.
don't be ridiculous, clark, this is serious.
all we have to do is find some loser who pretends he's written our book.
too late, nigga!
and if you can't make it, if you know you're gonna send simon stein in your place... then pick up the goddamn phone.
now he would hand over the riches of the indies to the bloody french!
i've done some really heinous shit.
you also said you'd feel julie o'connor's boobs on that field.
it's his own damn bear.
mano a monster.
i'll skin you.
the one with the least points, has to wear a sign saying "jackass"... right here on his back.
you are such a dirty cop.
i want to see your face when this knife is taken.
stop or i'll shoot!
"well the whole damn thing's that, isn't it?
we should have sex.
but, pig, i'm all i've got.
fuck. wait, wait.
throw them out.
we'll go and hit someone.
get your own goddamn group.
do you think that i'm just a foolish, romantic american girl?
i'm pathetic, without friends, all i have is my boy, and they'll take it away from me.
oh, you can call me pussy now.
you have a really hot head, mike.
you can sing and dance and you kick butt in school and you're all charming and everything,
we're fucked up, all of them are mortified, but there's a guy missing.
ron wears the same thing after he's had sex.
this is fucking unbelievable!
i killed dexter instead of laguerta.
i called her, she said some crap about not listening to her enough.
tom hovinga, the owner of metropolitan, will kill.
the real one, not the fake-ass spy one.
if he was wrong, it would be a death for them all.
hailey, i tried. but she fights dirty.
what the hell are you talking about?
i was thinking of a cave with skulls and shit.
do you think we should still bomb the mosque, barry? - come back.
“for one so clever, i’m surprised you thought you could come down here and defeat us with your pathetic weapons.
these men were savages, he had been told that.
not like some crazy pervert.
me and my boys will hit them from the south. over and out.
you can run for nasty kathy.
fucking fruit pies are for old ladies.
dorks!
that's the sickest dog i've ever seen.
i'll be your executioner.
give me my fucking wallet.
i wondered how fast he really was, and how easy it would be for him to crush my hand into pulp.
with your left you go for the head, then a right hook to the belly.
you're not fucking anyone are you?
you even got concubines and shit.
i thought your father was the king of all the losers, but you've just taken his crown.
i thought nobody would notice them with all those sick people.
but i'm fucked.
the asians conquered and killed, subdued, pushed them back south from whatever northern territories they might have explored.
if someone had done that... kill innocent men?
but i wouldn't mind hitting them in the elevator.
do you remember when i built that tree house - and you burned the shit down? - come on, man.
he can comment because he's gay.
fardling fools.«
burning be on you for the abomination you have visited on our desert. you shall have no soul, no spirit.
for a moment he introduced himself to tommyknockers as ugly, intelligent flies that climb down the hall on sticky feet.
he is the emperor’s bastard brother.
i enjoy hurting people.
we did, and we'd bury them anyway.
local scumbag named ronald crosswhite.
what is he doing? fool.
the curved blade of his scimitar slipped under his chin and slit his throat.
compromising your marriage, our quartet, for what, for a fuck?
oh, shit.
how the fuck does this help me?
i'm sorry, fool!
yeah, well, you fuckin' better.
ass off the table.
can't see a goddamn thing.
nigga, just give me my fucking half of the rent.
cos the monkey would fuck off.
if she hadn't, she would have gone crazy.
niehu, stop being so annoying.
damn it! you barbecue all the cats you want. if you don't let me out inside of 15 seconds... ...i'll call the cops on you faster than you can say "marlboro man."
maybe one of the tigers ate his ass like omar.
can you feel me fucking you, ro?
you think she's married, cock?
if i would've gotten out with a wallet in my hand... ...i'd have bullets all in my ass!
what the fuck you want, malamo?
lot of money in this shit.
go away or kill me. ...i must talk to you, mr. curry.
believe it or not, i liked one of the cops. idiot.
sell most of this good shit around the way, but some of it, like the art and all, i might have to run it up new york.
five dogs and four bitches.
"the administration will have to suppress an arab uprising on one hand "and acquire quislings, or arab traitors, on the other."
i don't think that boy's ever been extremely happy in his whole damn life.
all you gotta do is walk into a fuckin' rest home and see your own mother who you ain't seen in 12 years for god knows why.
shit, bubbles know bird.
hit it!
are you crazy?
"where am i?" i asked stupidly.
she s as good as dead.
conflict is an illusion. - shut up, brad.
you better nod your head or do some fuckin' thing so i know that you hear what i'm telling you.
perhaps someone murdered him.
"gleep!" proclaimed my pet, unleashing his tongue in one of his aromatic, slimy licks.
we're monsters.
and the truth tastes sweet when they have a belly full of lies.
shut her up.
i don't want to be an asshole who doesn't have a word.
i bet people will believe i'm a lesbian if i shaved my head.
my nanny is off the clock at 7:30. so your week off, bigger desk, tighter nurses' uniforms, or whatever other stupid thing you're about to demand is gonna have to wait until...
if a fool thinks it's a bad joke, then i can say it's very tasteless.
you hired a dirty thief to find fulcrum because you believe i don't have it.
this isn't normal, bud. holy shit.
what is hell for you, young man? '
eliseo strazzahsco was a bit of a freak.
they all pay tribute to the king of all the pussies
they also asked if you knew of anyone who wished your father would be dead.
he's coming up right on our ass.
you think i'm a bastard. i'd even be a socialist... if socialists believed in god.
all the boys at the school are sure i'm a lesbian.
it's a shame that women like your mother have nothing better than hosting parties.
his game went to crap, and apparently it was my fault, even though he's the one who cheated.
criminals, the military driven berserk by prolonged uselessness, all kinds of leftover trash from intelligence and counterintelligence, bored by the sameness of commercial espionage, all slavering for power.
picard to shuttle.
"my god, these kids are like animals."
you dare cross me, dare whisper the name silas duggan to your police whip cracker, dare even dream about my handsome likeness... ..i shall skin you from nose to toes.
close the big ugly eyes
let me kill him for you!
when he was younger, he shot them quickly, some of them were really nice.
no. you gotta tell her that if the bank is closed on sunday... that there's no fucking late fee if you pay her monday morning.
rich people wouldn't waste their time on this nonsense.
i'll have the fucking bus fares back, then.
stop talking so stupidly and come join the party.
what the fuck is your problem, mcmanus?
what the hell's a thespian?
shit. he was dea.
i knew this street samurai got a job working for a special forces type made the wig look flat fucking normal.
listen, guys, i think you're all a bit too fat.
there is a monster in our backyard, and you're not doing a damn thing about it.
shit, we should have done that.
before i met him, he was disgusting.
are you a pervert or something?
mike says he's the patron saint of losers.
look at them fart.
hey, don't be silly... we had a great day, we sold a lot of tacos.
i'll be just as pathetic as you.
the courts have given you this one last chance to get your shit together, or your shit will get pushed in in prison.
the thought that you fantasize about hunting me and killing me.
'that's the most appalling sexist, fattist, cynical thing i've ever heard.'
they tell the empire next generation that even if they live in a world where they shoot trayvon martin like a dog.
it damn near killed him is what it did.
i want this prick to hurt.
he shaved and shot the filling into the chin.
nicky, julie, deena and you know gay
'five shots to the head, kid, 'said jek bindoe,' come on. '
no one's going to shoot me in the head... and light my pants.
i paid you to beat her up, not to kill her.
if you stay here and give your time to think about it, you're screwed.
if we're killed in bed, i'm sure we'll let you know.
get the hell out of my house.
you could fuck her, you know?
you are a hell of a woman.
"clifford, you're a big, sweet little prick.
i don't have anything to hide, and b: you should mind your own damn business.
hey, i think you're going crazy.
okay, this is dumb.
when the bistros started shutting down, i gave up, went back to my tent, cursed myself for eight kinds of fool-- (why couldn't i have said, "what's your name and where do you live and where are you staying here?")--sacked in and went to sleep.
what the hell is wrong with you?
but ming had just consecrated their relationship by risk­ing her life in front of her minister and her co-workers, and that was far more frightening to nomuri than her ill-considered remark about his dick and her fondness for it.
foolish boy. do you think the power of the panther will serve you any better than it did you father?
shit. tell him ali would've done to tyson... ...what he did to foreman in africa.
i asked him why, and he said when he saw me without my clothes on... ...that i look like a porker.
i said dance, scumbag!
i think i should boil you all an egg.
and if you stay there much longer, there will still be nazis in paraguay,... .. but there will be one less jewish boyin the world.
nothing is better than waking up in the beautiful sound of french clowns.
if you don't like it here, piss off.
you're a bad liar, detective vince.
oh, my god, the death laser is attacking your legs. - you're gonna die.
you just hit it on the head.
"bullshit," alan said.
"dammit, if we can do this the odds are they can, tool"
i'm fucking out of here.
shit, why didn't you say so?
you remember that black thai shit i got in hesperii?
just get your shit and let's get out of here, okay?
the miserable captain auson, with two broken arms, nose a swollen blot on his face, did not look very argumentative.
just throw her on the bed.
fuck off!
for two years, i was just for you to have sex for one night and then i was two years old.
i hear bums have sex in these things when they're parked in the park, you know...
your fascination with humans and their treasures is foolish.
yeah, why would i want to be in a parade when i can stand off to the side amidst the aroma of cotton candy and horse crap?
disgusting, isn't it, provost?
get your ass outta there right now!
she must have gone crazy.
every goddamn year.
it's pretty ridiculous, isn't it?
now, put the baby down, nigga!
we came to blow up the house and blow off your house!
the padishah, praise his name, if he saw in istanbul, may allah let us spend our days there, an infidel with colourful clothes, he beheaded him immediately.
where the fuck you been?
you don't like the situation...... the loser.
i guess the good news is it'll draw more attention to your backside.
are you really crazy?
what's important is slow blowjobs.
well, i'm taking a gun to the plane.
give them a smack. throw them on the line, and write them up.
fear--in a lunatic brain ....
they're fucked after what happened to mcgilligan!
no matter how hard you try, you still look at me as sick.
aye, pig's got value to me.
just tell me which one of you is gonna slap me!
the piano player he make so much noise, he couldn't hear the other man, so he just shoot the piano player, and they hung him.
to be honest, i don't even care about his brain.
i hope to hell she's not with some older guy.
damn, man.
but they fucked it up.
i don't know shit about no refrigerator.
we haven't even felt the suffering of the losers yet.
but i've never done anything with the boys because i want to marry and have kids... not that gays can... can.
all the new slaves could only be descendants of blacks living in the us.
not with his boot on my throat and his partner kicking me.
you have witchcraft in your lips, kate.
that'll make your face stink.
rose is useless.
that is the most ridiculous alibi.
well, that's tough, cause you are the fucking trouble.
now that i think about it, cruzkowa was a pathetic spy.
he's a pimp... how do you call them in french?
get the fuck out of there, quinn.
i'm gonna suck out some of the yolk and replace it with ragout.
i can't stand this kind of shit in my house.
and for the exposure--if ye were an ugly hunchback, and the children gecked at you upon the street, ye would count your body cheaper, and an hour of glory worth a life.
you got a fag?
a goofy teenager or something. - no.
that's why communism must go to hell!
sorry you have to squire such a nasty person.
you were a "damsel in distress," what else should i do?
no, let her shut up.
threatening a federal officer is more than piddly shit.
where is that dimwit going?
i don't want their little dirty hands rummaging in my underwear.
i knew we should never trust the goddamn french.
we know all know it's bullshit.
i couldn't - i may have killed enough of them that day. "
blind dumb luck.
oh, we'll blow it up!
you're a loser, chip!
when you're a loser.
you're out of your mind.
hey, hey, listen to me, you scumbag.
i'm working on it, piglet.
crap eleven or any seven this time.
it's our murder weapon.
you were out fucking your best friend's boyfriend.
oh, i hate them.
i hope this weekend's stupid and foul mistake didn't ruin my chances with you.
no one's gonna fucking notice.
i'm half untested science, a bunch of confused biochemists and crazy hormones.
my husband died, and you made me sit there while you shit on him.
hard, in the arse, i think?
i want you to take my soul.
whatever. why do you hook up with assholes like scott stifler anyway?
you call a man son of a bitch in these waters, you got to fight.
we're not supposed to know who you are... because we're not officers. we're just shit and no one tells us shit.
you are a very stubborn, ..unimaginative and non-competitive race.
you suck. sit down.
"you're really crazy!" he laughed.
rosie castro was dark, thin, exotic-looking, and sarcastic; she wore baggy cargo shorts and a t-shirt tight across her large breasts, which read you wish.
day three, i'm going to punch someone, and i'm starting again.
fair princess, i'd like to release you with a kiss, and i must be a robber so far.
who the hell do you think i am?
my sister was born of that whore anne boleyn !
and i don't want to make demands like some whiny female.
i'll shoot the bodyguard.
what the hell does he have such a gun for?
i don't know anything about any damn pigeons.
didn't i tell you to shut up?
because two guys without t-shirts standing around talking about sex are going to look weird after a while.
i have to erase history on google and bing and all the questions in the confessional on women's ejaculation.
what the hell? you slept here last night?
fuck "sorry."
they needed a system in a hurry, and we were the closest "safe port" they could reach . . . poor bastards.
i mean you getthe guy out here , and you tell him we're gonna race cars and shit,
yes. my brother and his friends used to do it. it's so fucking stupid.
fuck it, you're the head of the team, you give the orders.
you know, money is shit to me. i would not give up mcclane for all the gold in your fort knox.
it's a fucking bloodbath, saul.
hey, this is some bitching car.
you're gonna throw a ball around, just like a regular snot-nosed little jerk.
exploiting the dead is one thing i feel strongly about, but . . . stupidity isn't punishable by death.
no. like, let's move to france or some other country that hates americans.
one shot to the heart.
what the hell are you doing here?
to everyone's surprise, especially angelo, jack sucker punched him as hard as he could in the face.
'what an ass,' ehlana noted scornfully.
you know, there ought to be a law against you damn foreigners buying up america.
why don't you die?
hector, you shoot korsky and captain kiznowa.
every trace will be incinerated the moment reddington's a confirmed kill.
our future is going to hell.
presumably repeated blows to the back of the neck by a blunt round object.
"he wanted to make a certain stupid dated faux pas." what i didn't realize was
they're fucking shoes. well, they're... they're lovely.
you didn't think i'd have the balls.
that girl is nothing but trouble.
yeah, well, i do what i have to do to stop them from being killers, thugs, hos, street fighters.
oh, shit.
find them and get rid of them.
come here, unzip my fly, get the baby out of me, and suck it!
no, not if you cheat and fail, you're a crook.
tell that arsehole to take care of the customers!
i'm done risking my team for some agency jerk-off
fool left his cashier key in the door.
the blacks haven't been invented yet?
we stop testing and you kill yourself.
what's your problem, moron?
the mexican thief,the dirtycop?
i fucked up the case, ray.
ain't no walk in the park, taking your time and shit.
shit. they talked about the prison riot on the radio.
let me bleed him, bro.
so fucking beautiful!
you fucked my house up, i see.
but now yokonomo corporation is bankrupt and i am north american president of, well, shit-- shit blood.
holy crap.
it's not my fault if your duke was a traitor!
didn't she say that this is a shitty school?
you want me to hang?
what the hell is this place?
it's possible that she strayed... but it's more likely that this is the feces of another.
we were right there in it and you were too slow. you didn't remember to do shit, you didn't do what i told you... and things got crossed, chakras were fucking exploded.
you're getting fat and your hair didn't realise it had to cover more of your face.
fish thieves!
man: look at this shit!
i would take a book of my father's and burn it.
i'll jump right fucking now.
you're a pretty pathetic guard dog ... loyal to a master that can't even feed himself.
hey, do you think i'd enjoy cutting her up?
so i'll stop, and i'll have a bloody mary.
i can see there's not much meat on there... but i'm sure there's a lot of chew on your noggin.
we could find that shit ourselves.
and you don't give us a goddamn thing.
we got a caucasian male, 50s, gunshot to the head. and tastefully garnished with an explosion of yellow roses.
put on your vagina, drive a prius, put some electrical equipment on the belt, whatever it takes.
but i know that 2nd mass would go to hell for you.
but you did fill your body full of that v garbage, and i think it might have poisoned your mind, too, honey.
i did as your uncle should cos i'm concerned about you fucking yourself up.
when i walk down the street and someone recognizes me, i fuck up, but if they don't recognize me anymore, i'd be pissed off more.
this goes in until he gets in the gut.
he sells the best shit anywhere around.
hey, asshole!
now we fight and there's no payoff. it sucks.
he knocked her unconscious, then stabbed her in the leg.
when two people at the firm always agree, one of them is useless
are you going to bring me death instead?
if we leave here without the book of leaves, i will kill you myself.
one word to my fellow baraqians, and we shall rain fire on you!
i ain't got no relationship with your ass!
put him in my mouth and you'll lose him.
but he was born in vaccines from the blood of african apes.
a bitch?
i don't have a mike, an amy, or fucking dan.
have you ever wondered why you were up there the longest and came back with that clicker shit inside you?
because brian morris is a spoiled bastard.
whew. if the old man picks me to take over hell, i'm gonna keep torture going 24-7.
the world's gonna end, and there's gonna be nothing left but bret michaels... him and the cockroaches.
he calls you a whore.
we're almost over an hour when you've been mentally ill.
this is ridiculous!
but, yeah, it's just... full of fucking buses to get in here.
donkey!
maybe the guy was a bum or a squatter or something.
you know, especially with you being all hot and shit.
he's gonna be in love with this whole fucking thing, and it's all my fault.
eddie, eddie, eddie, eddie, i don't want to see you anymore, and eddie, how can you be such a prick?
i told you to keep your mouth shut.
and the alumni are all jerking off over this win. which is the only time the alumni ever jerk off. right. is when we win.
these fools don't even know how.
are you crazy? what are you talking about?
how dare he disappear when he knows i'm fucked.
one man, passing her, gave her a shove, called out, "elven whore."
now, lads, i'll try and smash you into the squad.
i'll fucking do it myself, saul.
you don't know,you're just doing your fucking part.
"get me the fuck out of here."
i don't want to see that woman, frank.
shut her up!
how pathetic!
well, my baby's father is black.
yeah, but he's right underneath that big dick.
kollarin the finder was comfortably asleep between the two whores when he heard the frenzied hammering at the tavern door below his room.
you're masturbating your hair!
i need three specimens to go to hell for a dorost exhibition.
don't be silly. of course not.
then start another goddamn rumor is what you do. ...short quickly and quietly without everyone figuring out...
castor shut up.
fuck you, you don't fucking slap me!
where's my scrotum?
he looked miserable.
norman wished he would shut up.
you better stop fuckin' laughin' and undo these cuffs!
you don't have to repay me, but i want to kiss you.
such a wicked little child and he's so brutal.
who are the fools?
is that before or after i'm supposed to fuck him?
does any of you have a piece of fucking faith, bro?
do you remember what you said back then about my promotion, because sarah wanted my... my dick?
you're rotten!
but any time, day or night, anyone wants to fucking waver or fucking change their minds, you just step right the fuck up and get your severance.
he'll bitch, but he'll be there.
"my newspaper delivery is fucked."
my fucking mother doesn't pay the mortgage.
i can't... i can't die out here in the woods... ...like a dumb animal.
how do you want to catch the bastard if that's what he's running about?
his ugly wire-framed spectacles magnified a pair of blue eyes that were no longer clear.
hit him!
but i'm not going to fuck you up.
look, screw it, ok?
fucking freedom ain't free, boy.
this ingrate is not worth the trouble.
"i did this to save your stupid life.
hey, you lie to the russian stink eye, and bad things will happen to your junk.
shut up, let me talk.
"except for sex," he said.
and i screwed her.
"the fool!"
do you want me to shoot? send a team of medics on site.
please, it won't take long. goddamnit.
like fucking batman.
next time, there'll be no fuckup.
whit, you need lube.
well, finally those capitalist pigs will pay for their crimes, eh?
i didn't realize her dad was an animal.
(he whispers) let's beat him before his whore.
the world has fucked you over, so now you don't give a shit.
